Barcelona (/ˌbɑːrsəˈloʊnə/ BAR-sə-LOH-nə, Catalan: [bəɾsəˈlonə], Spanish: [baɾθeˈlona]) is a city on the coast of northeastern Spain. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia, as well as the second most populous municipality of Spain. With a population of 1.6 million within city limits,[7] its urban area extends to numerous neighbouring municipalities within the Province of Barcelona and is home to around 4.8 million people,[3] making it the fifth most populous urban area in the European Union after Paris, the Ruhr area, Madrid, and Milan.[3] It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range, the tallest peak of which is 512 metres (1,680 feet) high.

Founded as a Roman city, in the Middle Ages Barcelona became the capital of the County of Barcelona. After merging with the Kingdom of Aragon, Barcelona continued to be an important city in the Crown of Aragon as an economic and administrative centre of this Crown and the capital of the Principality of Catalonia. Barcelona has a rich cultural heritage and is today an important cultural centre and a major tourist destination. Particularly renowned are the architectural works of Antoni Gaudí and Lluís Domènech i Montaner, which have been designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The headquarters of the Union for the Mediterranean are located in Barcelona. The city is known for hosting the 1992 Summer Olympics as well as world-class conferences and expositions and also many international sport tournaments.

Barcelona is one of the world's leading tourist, economic, trade fair and cultural centres, and its influence in commerce, education, entertainment, sports, media, fashion, science, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the major global cities.[8][9] It is a major cultural and economic centre in southwestern Europe, 24th in the world (before Zürich, after Frankfurt)[10] and a financial centre. In 2008 it was the fourth most economically powerful city by GDP in the European Union and 35th in the world with GDP amounting to €177 billion.[11] It is the main biotech hub in Spain.[12] In 2012 Barcelona had a GDP of $170 billion; and it was leading Spain in employment rate in that moment.[13]



Girona (/dʒɪˈroʊnə/, Catalan: Girona [ʒiˈɾonə], Spanish: Gerona [xeˈɾona]) is an city in northern Catalonia, Spain, at the confluence of the Ter, Onyar, Galligants, and Güell rivers.  The city had an official population of 101,852 in 2019.[4] Girona is the capital of the province of the same name and also capital of the comarca of the Gironès. Since much of the old quarter of this ancient city has been preserved, Girona is a popular destination for tourists, and film productions have used it as a filming location. The city is located 99 km (62 mi) northeast of Barcelona. 

The first historical inhabitants in the region were Iberians; Girona is the ancient Gerunda, a city of the Ausetani. Later, the Romans built a citadel there, which was given the name of Gerunda. The Visigoths ruled in Girona until it was conquered by the Moors in 715. Finally, Charlemagne reconquered it in 785 and made it one of the fourteen original counties of Catalonia. It was wrested temporarily from the Moors, who recaptured it in 793. From this time until the Moors were finally driven out in 1015, the city repeatedly changed hands. It was sacked by the Moors in 827, 842, 845, 935, and 982. 
Wilfred the Hairy incorporated Girona into the County of Barcelona in 878.

In the 11th century, Alfonso I of Aragon declared Girona a city. The ancient county became a duchy in 1351 when King Peter III of Aragon gave the title of Duke to his first-born son, John. In 1414, King Ferdinand I in turn gave the title of Prince of Girona to his first-born son, Alfonso. The title is currently carried by Princess Leonor of Asturias, the second since the 16th century to do so.

Badalona (/ˌbædəˈloʊnə/, Catalan pronunciation: [bəðəˈlonə]) is a municipality to the immediate north east of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain. It is located on the left bank of the Besòs River and on the Mediterranean Sea, in the Barcelona metropolitan area. By population, it is the third largest city in Catalonia and the twenty-third in Spain. It became a city in 1897.

Badalona was founded by the Romans in the 3rd century BC, with the name of Baetulo, although human settlements in the area had existed from 3500-2500 BC. The Iberians had fortified villages on the Melasas and Boscà hills since the 7th century BC. The Roman town's plan was based on their common scheme of the cardo and decumanus, occupying some 11 ha, with a line of walls measuring 413x261 m and having large defensive towers. In the 1st century BC it had some 15,000 inhabitants.

The current Badalona was formed in the 10th century, as a new urban nucleus built over and around the old Roman city.  It comprised  a group of houses built around the square and the church.  At the same time, a rural nucleus grew up outside the town walls. This rural and urban dichotomy would remain until the mid-18th century.

Sant Jeroni de la Murtra Monastery, built in the 14th century, is where the Catholic Monarchs would spend their summers.  This is also where they received Christopher Columbus after his first voyage to the Americas.[citation needed] Badalona was one of the most important towns during the Spanish industrialization process, from the 19th century onwards.



Tarragona (English: /ˌtærəˈɡoʊnə/ TARR-ə-goh-nə, also US: /ˌtɑːr-/ TAR-, Catalan: [tərəˈɣonə], Spanish: [taraˈɣona]; Phoenician: Tarqon; Latin: Tarraco) is a port city located in northeast Spain on the Costa Daurada by the Mediterranean Sea. Founded before the 5th century BC, it is the capital of the Province of Tarragona, and part of Tarragonès and Catalonia. Geographically, it is bordered on the north by the Province of Barcelona and the Province of Lleida. The city has a population of 201,199 (2014).

One Catalan legend holds that it was named for Tarraho, eldest son of Tubal in c. 2407 BC; another (derived from Strabo and Megasthenes) attributes the name to 'Tearcon the Ethiopian', a 7th-century BC pharaoh who campaigned in Spain.[3] The real founding date of Tarragona is unknown.

The city may have begun as an Iberian town called Kesse or Kosse, named for the Iberian tribe of the region, the Cossetans, though the identification of Tarragona with Kesse is not certain.[4] William Smith suggests that the city was probably founded by the Phoenicians, who called it Tarchon, which, according to Samuel Bochart, means a citadel. This name was probably derived from its situation on a high rock, between 75–90 m (250–300 ft) above the sea; whence we find it characterised as arce potens Tarraco.[5] It was seated on the river Sulcis or Tulcis (modern Francolí), on a bay of the Mare Internum (Mediterranean), between the Pyrenees and the river Iberus (modern Ebro).[6] Livy mentions a portus Tarraconis;[7] and according to Eratosthenes it had a naval station or roads (Ναύσταθμον);[8] but Artemidorus Ephesius says with more probability that it had none, and scarcely even an anchoring place; and Strabo himself calls it ἀλίμενος.[9] This better reflects its present condition; for though a mole was constructed in the 15th century with the materials of the ancient amphitheatre, and another subsequently by an Irishman named John Smith Sinnot, it still affords little protection for shipping.[10]

Sarrià-Sant Gervasi (Catalan pronunciation: [səriˈa ˈsaɲ ʒəɾˈβazi]) is one of the biggest districts of Barcelona. It's the district with the highest per capita income, the largest proportion of university degrees and the lowest unemployment rate. Situated on the north-west of the city, surrounded by the districts of Les Corts, Gràcia, and Eixample i Horta-Guinardo and by the villages of Sant Just, Sant Feliu, Molins de Rei, and Sant Cugat. It is formed by the old villages of Sarrià (added to Barcelona in 1927), Vallvidrera (added to Sarrià in 1890), Santa Creu d'Olorda (added to Sarrià in 1916), and Sant Gervasi ("Saint Gervasius") de Cassoles (added to Barcelona in 1897). The first written document found about Sarrià dates from the year 987, and the origins of the village are a Roman colony. The old Monestir de Pedralbes belonged to the village of Sarrià, and it is now the Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza. 

Today, Sarrià still retains a village atmosphere, even in the middle of Barcelona, with narrow streets and small houses.[1] The main street of Sarrià is Major de Sarrià.

The main market in Sarrià-Sant Gervasi is the Mercat de Sarrià on Passeig Reina Elisenda, which opened in 1900 and was renovated in 1967 and again in 2007.[2]

Part of the Collserola mountain belongs to the district, where the Tibidabo and the Observatori Fabra are, and it is a popular place to promenade by bike or by foot or to stop by the road to Sant Cugat, with impressive views over the city.



– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in Spain (green)
Catalonia (/ˌkætəˈloʊniə/; Catalan: Catalunya [kətəˈluɲə]; Aranese: Catalonha [kataˈluɲɔ]; Spanish: Cataluña [kataˈluɲa]) is an autonomous community on the northeastern corner of Spain, designated as a nationality by its Statute of Autonomy.[c][9]
Catalonia consists of four provinces: Barcelona, Girona, Lleida, and Tarragona. The capital and largest city is Barcelona, the second-most populated municipality in Spain and the core of the fifth most populous urban area in the European Union.[10] It comprises most of the territory of the former Principality of Catalonia (with the remainder Roussillon now part of France's Pyrénées-Orientales, Occitanie). It is bordered by France (Occitanie) and Andorra to the north, the Mediterranean Sea to the east, and the Spanish autonomous communities of Aragon to the west and Valencia to the south. The official languages are Catalan, Spanish, and the Aranese dialect of Occitan.[11]

In the late 8th century, various counties were established by the Frankish kingdom across and near the eastern Pyrenees as a defensive barrier against Muslim invasions. The eastern counties were united under the rule of the Frankish vassal, the count of Barcelona. In the 10th century the County of Barcelona became progressively independent.[12] In 1137, Barcelona and the Kingdom of Aragon were united by marriage under the Crown of Aragon. Within the Crown, the Catalan counties adopted a common polity known as Principality of Catalonia, developing its own institutional system, such as courts (parliament), Generalitat and constitutions, becoming the base for the Crown of Aragon's naval power, trade and expansionism in the Mediterranean. In the later Middle Ages, Catalan literature flourished. During the last Medieval centuries natural disasters, social turmoils and military conflicts affected the Principality. In 1469, the king of Aragon and the queen of Castile were married and ruled their realms together, retaining all of their distinct institutions and legislation.

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.

Other cities in the autonomous community of Catalonia:(es)

This article incorporates information from the Catalan Wikipedia and Spanish Wikipedia.



The Gothic Quarter (Catalan: Barri Gòtic IPA: [ˈbari ˈɣɔtik] or El Gòtic, Spanish: Barrio Gótico) is the historic centre of the old city of Barcelona. It stretches from La Rambla to Via Laietana, and from the Mediterranean seafront to the Ronda de Sant Pere. It is a part of Ciutat Vella district.

The quarter encompasses the oldest parts of the city of Barcelona, and includes the remains of the city's Roman wall and several notable medieval landmarks.[1] Much of the present-day fabric of the quarter, however, dates to the 19th and early 20th centuries.[citation needed] El Call, the medieval Jewish quarter, is located within this area, along with the former Sinagoga Major.[2]

The Barri Gòtic retains a labyrinthine street plan, with many small streets opening out into squares. Most of the quarter is closed to regular traffic although open to service vehicles and taxis.

Despite its name, a number of landmark Gothic buildings in the neighborhood do not date to the Middle Ages. Rather, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the quarter was completely transformed from a sombre neighborhood to a tourist attraction through a massive restoration project, timed to be completed for the 1929 International Exhibition. This allowed the city and the surrounding region of Catalonia to portray itself in a positive light to the world's media.[3] Further restoration of existing buildings and the creation of brand new neo-Gothic structures continued as late as the 1960s.[3]



Mataró (Catalan pronunciation: [mətəˈɾo]) is the capital and largest town of the comarca of the Maresme, in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia Autonomous Community, Spain. It is located on the Costa del Maresme [ca], to the south of Costa Brava, between Cabrera de Mar and Sant Andreu de Llavaneres, 30 kilometres (19 miles) north-east of Barcelona. As of 2010[update], it had a population of c. 122,932 inhabitants.

Mataró dates back to Roman times when it was a village known as "Iluro" or "Illuro". The ruins of a first-century BC Roman bath house (known locally as the Torre Llauder) were recently discovered and can be visited. The coastal N-II highway follows the same path as the original Roman road, Via Augusta.

Mataró was declared a city by royal decree, even though at the time (nineteenth century) the population fell short of the requirement for city status.

Barcelona (Catalan: [bəɾsəˈlonə], Spanish: [baɾθeˈlona]) is a province of eastern Spain, in the center of the autonomous community of Catalonia. The province is bordered by the provinces of Tarragona, Lleida, and Girona, and by the Mediterranean Sea.  Its area is 7,726 km2 (2,983 sq mi).[2] 5,609,350[1] people live in the province, of whom about 30% (1,620,343)[1] live within the administrative limits of the city of Barcelona, which itself is contained in the Barcelona metropolitan area.

The capital of the province is the city of Barcelona, and the provincial council is based in the Casa Serra on the Rambla de Catalunya in that city. Some other cities and towns in Barcelona province include L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Badalona, Cerdanyola del Vallès, Martorell, Mataró, Granollers, Sabadell, Terrassa, Sitges, Igualada, Vic, Manresa, Berga.
See also List of municipalities in Barcelona.

Since the division by provinces in Spain and the division by comarques in Catalonia do not completely agree, the term comarques of the province of Barcelona would not be entirely correct. However, a list of the comarques that are included—totally or partially—in the province of Barcelona can be made:

The Catalan Pre-Coastal Range and Catalan Coastal Range mountains run through the Province of Barcelona. There are several notable smaller mountain ranges that are located in the province, including Montseny Massif, Serra de Collserola, and Tibidabo. Pedraforca is the tallest mountain in the province, located on the north side as part of the Pre-Pyrenees. Tibidabo is the mountain that overlooks the city of Barcelona.

Cambrils (Catalan pronunciation: [kəmˈbɾils]) is a coastal town in the comarca of Baix Camp, province of Tarragona,  Catalonia, Spain. The town is near the tourist town Salou and is frequently visited by those travelling by air using Reus Airport.

The town of Cambrils can trace its origins back to prehistoric times, although it was not until the Roman period that the present town of Cambrils began to grow. This is evident from the archaeological sites found throughout the municipality, such as the Roman villa of La Llosa, strategically located alongside the Via Augusta and not far from the Roman capital of Tarraco.

By the mediaeval period, there was already a permanent settlement on the right bank of the Alforja Torrent. From 1152, the kingdom of Aragon, having driven the Moors out of Catalonia, granted a series of privileges to encourage the repopulation of the place known as Cambrils. It was in the 12th century that the foundations were laid for the establishment of a stable population centre here at the southern gateway to the Camp de Tarragona, well connected to El Camino Real (the Royal Road) that linked Tortosa and Tarragona. The area also had good maritime connections; indeed, the troops of Jaume I sailed from these beaches in 1229 to re-conquer Majorca from the Moors.

Due to this strategic position, the Crown kept title over the town by establishing a feudal lord—vassal to the king-count—and a detachment of soldiers here. In addition, they built defensive walls and towers that also served to protect other nearby villages such as Els Tegells, Les Planes and Montbrió. This royal initiative lead to the development of the present-day Old Town, with a church, hostel, hermitage, hospital, convent, market, fair, artisans, and, above all, farmers who worked the rich lands surrounding Cambrils.



Madrid (/məˈdrɪd/, Spanish: [maˈðɾið])[n. 1] is the capital and most populous city of Spain. The city has almost 3.3 million[8] inhabitants and a metropolitan area population of approximately 6.5 million. It is the second-largest city in the European Union (EU), surpassed only by Berlin, and its monocentric metropolitan area is the second-largest in the EU, smaller only than Paris.[9][10][11] The municipality covers 604.3 km2 (233.3 sq mi).[12]

Madrid lies on the River Manzanares in the centre of both the country and the Community of Madrid region, of which it is also the capital. As the capital city of Spain, seat of government, residence of the Spanish monarch, Madrid is also the political, economic and cultural centre of the country.[13] The current mayor is José Luis Martínez-Almeida from the People's Party.

The Madrid urban agglomeration has the third-largest GDP[14] in the European Union and its influence in politics, education, entertainment, environment, media, fashion, science, culture, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world's major global cities.[15][16] Madrid is home to two world-famous football clubs, Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid. Due to its economic output, high standard of living, and market size, Madrid is considered 
the major financial centre
[17] and the leading economic hub of the Iberian Peninsula and of Southern Europe.[18][19] It hosts the head offices of the vast majority of major Spanish companies, such as Telefónica, IAG or Repsol. Madrid is also the 10th most liveable city in the world according to Monocle magazine, in its 2017 index.[20]

Sabadell (Catalan pronunciation: [səβəˈðeʎ]) is the fifth-largest city in Catalonia, Spain. It is in the south of the comarca of Vallès Occidental and its joint capital (co-capital), on the River Ripoll, 20 km (12 mi) north of Barcelona. Sabadell is located 190 m (620 ft) above sea level.

Sabadell pioneered the Industrial Revolution in Catalonia with its textile mills, together with its archrival Terrassa. Thus, in the mid-19th century, it became the most important wool city in Spain, being nicknamed the "Catalan Manchester". Today many mills from that period can still be seen, with most of them having been refurbished as residential buildings or other services. Nowadays Sabadell is basically a commercial and industrial city: there are no significant agricultural activities.

Sabadell is an important communications point. Two motorways run beside the city: the C-58 (from Barcelona to Manresa) and the AP-7 (from France and Girona to Tarragona, Valencia, and Andalusia), and some roads link Sabadell with nearby cities and towns: Terrassa, Sant Quirze del Vallès, Castellar del Vallès, Granollers, Barberà del Vallès, Cerdanyola del Vallès, Barcelona, Sant Cugat del Vallès, Rubí, Sentmenat, and Molins de Rei. 

A railroad line crosses the city (the Rodalies Barcelona line from Barcelona to Lleida) and another one terminates in the city (the FGC line from Barcelona to Sabadell via Sant Cugat del Vallès).

El Poblenou (Catalan pronunciation: [əl ˌpɔbːləˈnɔw]; Catalan for '"new village"') is an extensive neighborhood of Barcelona (Sant Martí district) that borders the Mediterranean Sea to the south, Sant Adrià del Besòs to the east, Parc de la Ciutadella in  Ciutat Vella to the west, and Horta-Guinardó and Sant Andreu to the north. It is technically part of the Eixample, its layout having been drafted by Ildefons Cerdà, although the historic center of the neighborhood (which was once a town entirely separated from Barcelona) predates the grid.

During the Industrial Revolution of the 19th century, Poblenou was the epicenter of Catalan and Iberian industry, earning it its sobriquet of the Catalan Manchester. Surrounding the extensive cluster of factories stood mostly working class residential areas. When the industrial buzz passed, the neighborhood fell into a state of abandon and after a period of decay, the neighborhood underwent a dramatic transformation. The Olympic Games in 1992 were the main trigger for this massive transformation of El Poblenou.[1] Many of the areas that have been developed — including the Vila Olímpica, the Diagonal Mar area, and the Fòrum area — arguably comprise their own neighborhoods. Completing its original, unfinished plan, The Avinguda Diagonal now stretches from Plaça de les Glòries to the sea. The massive 22@ plan sets to convert Poblenou into the city's technological and innovation district, as well as to increase leisure and residential spaces.

Alongside the newly built, upscale Vila Olímpica and Diagonal Mar areas, many artists and young professionals have converted the former factories and warehouses into lofts, galleries, and shops. Art & Design schools and studios have also opened, making the area known for its creative outlook. 

Some of the old factory buildings are now declared historic monuments and are under protection. This is the case of the Factory Hispania SA, built by the Cuban-German merchant Emilio Heydrich, and architect Josep Graner in 1923, or the factory of chemicals “Valls, Teixidor i Jordana"[2]

Sant Feliu de Llobregat (Catalan: [ˈsam fəˈliw ðə ʎuβɾəˈɣat]) is an industrial city and municipality in Catalonia, Spain, in the province of Barcelona. It is the capital of the comarca of Baix Llobregat, and the see of a bishopric since June 2005.

Sant Feliu is situated in the valley of the river Llobregat, and goes up to Parc de Collserola. The closest mountains to the city, which belong to the Serra de Collserola, are the Puig d'Olorda (436.4 m), the Penya del Moro (375 m), the Puig Aguilar (387 m) and the Puig Sant Pere Màrtir (389 m).[4] The Riera de la Salut flows from the mountains through the city and ends in the Llobregat river, it is usually dry as it only carries water after heavy rain.

Paleolithic remains found in the Can Albareda area show a prehistoric human presence. Iberian and Roman traces remain, for instance in the town square.

In Roman times and during part of the Middle Ages, the place was called Titian and Micano Tiano. The name Sant Feliu does not appear until 1002 in a document in the monastery of Sant Cugat del Vallès. The name originally applied to a chapel dedicated to Saint Feliu (Catalan for Felix). The church of Sant Llorenç (Catalan for Lawrence) was built in 1524 (destroyed in the Civil War and since rebuilt). Until then, Sant Feliu depended on the parishes of Sant Just Desvern and Sant Joan Despí.

Sant Cugat del Vallès (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsaŋ kuˈɣad dəl βəˈʎɛs]) (pop. 89,516 in 2017) is a town and municipality north of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain. Known as Castrum Octavianum in antiquity (which literally means the castle of Octavianus) and as Pins del Vallès during the Second Spanish Republic, it is named after Saint Cucuphas, who is said to have been martyred on the spot now occupied by its medieval monastery. The final part of its toponym, del Vallès, is a reference to the historical county where the town is situated, Vallès.

In addition to the monastery, the town's other notable buildings include the School of Architecture of the Vallès and the Centre d'Alt Rendiment (CAR, translit. High Performance Centre), a famous centre for professional sport training.

Sant Cugat has become an affluent suburb of Barcelona due to its location (only 20 kilometres from the city), its natural surroundings, and its pedestrian shopping area. Sant Cugat also offers restaurants, a concert venue, two cinemas, and one large shopping centre. It is also a political stronghold for conservative Catalan nationalism, with Convergència i Unió dominating the town's politics for 32 years up until 2019 when Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya took control of the City Council with the support of other political forces (PSC and CUP).

Sant Cugat has seen its population increase in recent years, with more births than bigger cities like Barcelona (2004). It has also practically merged with the nearby Rubí (population 72,987) and Cerdanyola del Vallès (population 58,747).[citation needed]

Sant Martí (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsam məɾˈti]), is a district of Barcelona located on its eastern side, usually numbered 10 out of the ten districts of the city.

It borders the Mediterranean Sea, Sant Adrià del Besòs and four other districts of the city: Ciutat Vella, l'Eixample, Horta-Guinardó and Sant Andreu.

It did not become an integral part of Barcelona until as late as 1897, having been an autonomous village since 1714 with the imposition of the infamous Nueva Planta decrees. Before then, it had been a secondary parish of Santa Maria del Mar.

Sant Martí has a population of 221,029 (2005), which makes it the second most populated district in Barcelona. Being the fourth largest district (10,8 km2), it is also the sixth in density (20.466 inhabitants/km2).



L'Hospitalet de Llobregat (Catalan pronunciation: [luspitəˈlɛd də ʎuβɾəˈɣat; ˌlɔs-]; Spanish: Hospitalet de Llobregat), often shortened to L'Hospitalet or just L'H, is a municipality of Spain, located to the immediate southwest of Barcelona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia.

By population, it is the second largest in Catalonia and the sixteenth in Spain. It is one of the most densely populated cities in the European Union.

The first records of the settlement date to the Neolithic era with artefacts showing human habitation in the Llobregat river area. Roman artefacts have been found dating to the 2nd century BC such as a funeral decoration representing the head of Medusa, now in the Archaeological Museum of Catalonia. However it is not until the 10th century that written references to Provençana (the city's original name) appear. The current name originates from the Catalan language and derives from a hostel next to the Church of Saint Eulalia of Provençana (Santa Eulàlia de Provençana) used by pilgrims in the Middle Ages. The city retained the character of a village until the 19th century when the first textile factories were built causing a population boom.[citation needed] The 1960s and 1970s saw a second population boom, caused by immigration from poorer regions of Spain: however this was not matched by construction of the necessary amenities and it was only in the 1990s that public investment resulted in additional schools, leisure facilities and housing.

Lleida (US: /ˈljɛðə, ˈjeɪðɑː/ LYEDH-ə, YAY-dhah,[2][3] Catalan: [ˈʎɛjðə]; Spanish: Lérida [ˈleɾiða])[a] is a city in the west of Catalonia, Spain. It is the capital city of the province of Lleida.

Geographically, it is located in the Catalan Central Depression. It is also the capital city of the Segrià comarca, as well as the largest city in the province. It had 137,387 inhabitants as of 2010[update], including the contiguous municipalities of Raimat and Sucs.

Lleida is one of the oldest towns in Catalonia, with recorded settlements dating back to the Bronze Age period. Until the Roman conquest of the Iberian Peninsula, the area served as a settlement for an Iberian people, the Ilergetes. The town became a municipality, named Ilerda, under the reign of Augustus. It was reconquered in 1149, after being ruled by the Moors since the 8th century. In 1297, the University of Lleida was founded, becoming the third oldest in the whole of Spain. During the following centuries, the town was damaged by several wars such as the Reapers' War in the 17th century and the Spanish Civil War in the 20th century. Since then, the city has been in a constant urban, commercial and demographic growth.

In ancient times the city, named Iltrida and Ilerda, was the chief city of the Ilergetes, an Iberian tribe. Indíbil, king of the Ilergetes, and Mandoni, king of the Ausetanes, defended it against the Carthaginian and Roman invasions.

Granollers (Catalan pronunciation: [ɡɾənuˈʎes]) is a city in central Catalonia, about 30 kilometers northeast of Barcelona. It is the capital and most densely populated city of the comarca of Vallès Oriental.

Granollers is now a bustling business centre, having grown from a town dominated by Catalonia's textile industry that was so prominent during the 19th Century. However, in the southern portion of the municipality, the Palou area retains the agricultural characteristics of the past.[4]

Granollers forms a conurbation with Canovelles, Les Franqueses del Vallès and the neighbourhood of La Torreta in La Roca del Vallès. The city is crossed by the Congost river,  a tributary of the Besòs river. It is considered to be situated in the second crown of the Barcelona metropolitan area. It is around 25 km north-east of the centre of Barcelona.

La Porxada, a Renaissance building which served as a grain storehouse, is an emblematic building. On Corró street, there is the ancient hospital of Sant Domènec, now the Francesc Tarafa theatre, a good example of restored Gothic architecture. The church of Sant Esteve in the city centre, also contains Gothic elements from the 15th Century along with an octagonal tower.[4]

Sant Boi de Llobregat (IPA: [ˈsam ˈbɔj ðə ʎuβɾəˈɣat]) is a town of 82,142 inhabitants[4] in the Barcelona province in Catalonia, Spain, located aside the Llobregat river.

The town is divided into six districts: Ciutat Cooperativa-Molí Nou, Marianao-Can Paulet, Barri Centre, Vinyets-Molí Vell, Camps Blancs-Canons-Orioles and Casablanca.

It borders to the north with the towns of Santa Coloma de Cervelló, Sant Joan Despí and the village of Sant Climent de Llobregat, to the east with the town of Cornellà de Llobregat, to the west with Viladecans and to the south with El Prat de Llobregat, having a narrow land extension to the south that enters into the Mediterranean Sea.

Though the main business activity is centered in the trading and service sector, Sant Boi also has a remarkable industrial activity, especially for metallurgy; agriculture is stimulated by the fertile alluvial lands at the mouth of Llobregat river and a mild climate, producing a wide variety of vegetables like the famous Llobregat's delta artichokes.



Palau Sant Jordi (Catalan pronunciation: [pəˈlaw ˈsaɲ ˈʒɔɾði], English: St. George's Palace) is an indoor sporting arena and multi-purpose installation that is part of the Olympic Ring complex located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. Designed by the Japanese architect Arata Isozaki, it was opened in 1990. The maximum seating capacity of the arena is 17,960. It is the largest indoor arena in Spain.

The Palau Sant Jordi was one of the main venues of the 1992 Summer Olympics hosting the artistic gymnastics, handball final, and volleyball final events.[3] Today, it is used for all kinds of indoor sport events as well as for concerts and other cultural activities, due to its great flexibility.

The arena was the venue of the 1995 IAAF World Indoor Championships in Athletics.

Gràcia (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈɡɾasiə]) is a district of the city of Barcelona, Spain. It comprises the neighborhoods of Vila de Gràcia, Vallcarca i els Penitents, El Coll, La Salut and Camp d'en Grassot i Gràcia Nova. Gràcia is bordered by the districts of Eixample to the south, Sarrià-Sant Gervasi to the west and Horta-Guinardó to the east. A vibrant and diverse enclave of Catalan life, Gràcia was an independent municipality for centuries before being formally annexed by Barcelona in 1897 as a part of the city's expansion.

The district of Gràcia comprises five neighbourhoods:[1]

Gràcia was established in 1626, by a Novitiate of Carmelites, who established a convent there, called "Nostra Senyora de Gràcia (Our Lady of Grace)". Following the War of the Spanish Succession, Gràcia remained an independent municipality in the direction of the Serra de Collserola mountains (north/northwest) from central Barcelona. Passeig de Gràcia, the street which is today home to the most high-end international fashion brands and posh hotels (Barcelona's version of the Champs-Élysées), was back then a country road linking the town to the larger city, through the plain of Barcelona.

During the mid-1800s, Barcelona was rapidly industrialising and significantly expanding its borders from those of the Roman walls and old city. The advent of new industry was drawing Catalans by the thousands to abandon their farms and move to the city, spurring a shift from an agriculturally based, rural economy to an urban economy focused on manufacturing and trade.[2]

Cornellà de Llobregat (Catalan pronunciation: [kuɾnəˈʎa ðə ʎuβɾəˈɣat]; Spanish: Cornellá de Llobregat) is a municipality in the comarca of the Baix Llobregat in Catalonia, Spain. It is situated on the left bank of the Llobregat River. It is in the south-western part of the Barcelona metropolitan area and is part of the wider urban area. It houses one of the three La Liga football clubs from Catalonia in RCD Espanyol.

The history of Cornellà de Llobregat is defined by three principal factors: its proximity to the city of Barcelona, its being an area of passage (as was the entire Comarca of Baix Llobregat) to and from the capital of Catalonia, and the presence of the Llobregat River.  Its name is of Roman origin (Cornelianus) and the city's architectural characteristics possess Visigoth traits.

The first written reference to the city dates from 980 AD, at which time a church and a defense tower to ward off the Saracens already existed in the same place as the current castle (constructed in the fourteenth  century).  The city was incorporated into Barcelona's territory in the thirteenth century and, for a short time, belonged to the "Franqueses del Llobregat" in which agricultural activity was principally developed.

Cornellà de Llobregat was subject of a controversy in November 2017 as a result of an opinion piece published in Catalan newspaper El Nacional, in which the inhabitants of Cornellà were accused of being "settlers" by virtue of their immigrant (Xarnego) origin and alleged refusal to integrate or learn the Catalan language. The article claimed that the working-class "red-circle" of Barcelona, of which Cornellà de Llobregat is an example, is a bastion of Spanish nationalism where "Catalans" are stigmatized.[4][5][5]

Premià de Mar (Catalan pronunciation: [pɾəmiˈa ðə ˈmaɾ]) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia, Spain. It is situated on the coast between El Masnou and Vilassar de Mar, to the north-east of Barcelona. The town is both a tourist centre and a dormitory town for Barcelona.

Like almost all municipalities of Maresme, Premià de Mar has been historically very well connected with the rest of the comarca and with Barcelona thanks to old Camí Ral (Royal Way) (actual N-II main road) and railroad (Barcelona-Mataró railroad route (1848) was the first to be constructed in all the Iberian Peninsula). Communications have been enhanced in recent years with the construction (1969) of the C-32's Barcelona-Mataró section, also the first autopista (highway) to be constructed in all the Iberian Peninsula.

The town centre has buildings in a wide range of styles: neoclassical, modernista, noucentista 
and simply eclectic. The church of Sant Cristòfol has a baroque doorway with maritime motifs.

Institut Premia de Mar (public)



Valencia (Spanish: [baˈlenθja]), officially València (Valencian: [vaˈlensia]),[4] is the capital of the autonomous community of Valencia and the third-largest city in Spain after Madrid and Barcelona, with around 800,000 inhabitants in the municipality. The wider urban area also comprising the neighbouring municipalities has a population of around 1.6 million people.[2][5] Valencia is Spain's third largest metropolitan area, with a population ranging from 1.7 to 2.5 million[1] depending on how the metropolitan area is defined. The Port of Valencia is the 5th busiest container port in Europe and the busiest container port on the Mediterranean Sea. The city is ranked as a Beta-global city in the Globalization and World Cities Research Network.[6]

Valencia was founded as a Roman colony by the consul Decimus Junius Brutus Callaicus in 138 BC, and called Valentia Edetanorum. In 714 Moroccan and Arab Moors occupied the city, introducing their language, religion and customs; they implemented improved irrigation systems and the cultivation of new crops as well. Valencia was the capital of the Taifa of Valencia. In 1238 the Christian king James I of Aragon conquered the city and divided the land among the nobles who helped him conquer it, as witnessed in the Llibre del Repartiment. He also created the new Kingdom of Valencia, which had its own laws (Furs), with Valencia as its main city and capital. In the 18th century Philip V of Spain abolished the privileges as punishment to the kingdom of Valencia for aligning with the Habsburg side in the War of the Spanish Succession. Valencia was the capital of Spain when Joseph Bonaparte moved the Court there in the summer of 1812. It also served as the capital between 1936 and 1937, during the Second Spanish Republic.

The city is situated on the banks of the Turia, on the east coast of the Iberian Peninsula, fronting the Gulf of Valencia on the Mediterranean Sea. Its historic centre is one of the largest in Spain, with approximately 169 ha (420 acres);[7] this heritage of ancient monuments, views and cultural attractions makes Valencia one of the country's most popular tourist destinations.

Sarrià is a neighborhood in the Sarrià-Sant Gervasi district of Barcelona, Catalonia. Its main street is Major de Sarrià.[1]

Today what was the old municipality is divided into various neighborhoods and districts. Most are in the district of Sarrià-Sant Gervasi, the neighborhoods of Sarrià and les Tres Torres, two small areas in the neighborhoods of Sant Gervasi - la Bonanova and Sant Gervasi - Galvany. Vallvidrera independent town but was added to Sarriá in the 1890. The neighborhood of Pedralbes was also part of the old town before local boundaries were redrawn in 1984, but is currently included in the district of les Corts.

In 1858 Sarrià was connected to Barcelona by a railway line, which today forms a part of the conurbation's urban metro system, part of the Catalonia Railway company.

The preschool through lower secondary campus of Istituto Italiano Statale Comprensivo di Barcellona, an Italian international school, is in Sarrià.[2]

Santa Coloma de Gramenet (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsantə kuˈlomə ðə ɣɾəməˈnɛt]) informally simply known as Santa Coloma (historically also known as Gramenet de Besòs) is a municipality in Catalonia, Spain. It is essentially a suburb of Barcelona. It is situated on the south-east side of the Litoral range, with the Puig Castellar (299 m) as its highest point, on the left bank of the Besòs river: the municipalities of Sant Adrià de Besòs and Badalona separate it from the coast. It's the ninth most populated city in Catalonia.

The area has been inhabited since at least the Iberic period, and the remains of an Iberic village have been found on 
Puig Castellar. The artefacts are housed in a museum in La Torre Balldovina, a building dating from the 18th century.
Other notable buildings include the renaissance palace of La Torre Pallaresa and the noucentista
Clínica Mental.

In November 2008, the city made worldwide news by installing solar panels on top of crypts in the local cemetery, in an effort to help fight climate change.[4]

Pineda de Mar is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in
Catalonia, Spain. It is situated on the coast between Calella and Santa Susanna.
The main N-II road and a RENFE railway line run through the town.

The town centre has several historical buildings from the 17th to the 19th centuries. Four arches survive of a Roman aqueduct over the Pineda river.

Pineda de Mar's Town Hall

"Els pescadors" beach



Barcelona (/ˌbɑːrsəˈloʊnə/ BAR-sə-LOH-nə, Catalan: [bəɾsəˈlonə], Spanish: [baɾθeˈlona]) is a city on the coast of northeastern Spain. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia, as well as the second most populous municipality of Spain. With a population of 1.6 million within city limits,[7] its urban area extends to numerous neighbouring municipalities within the Province of Barcelona and is home to around 4.8 million people,[3] making it the fifth most populous urban area in the European Union after Paris, the Ruhr area, Madrid, and Milan.[3] It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range, the tallest peak of which is 512 metres (1,680 feet) high.

Founded as a Roman city, in the Middle Ages Barcelona became the capital of the County of Barcelona. After merging with the Kingdom of Aragon, Barcelona continued to be an important city in the Crown of Aragon as an economic and administrative centre of this Crown and the capital of the Principality of Catalonia. Barcelona has a rich cultural heritage and is today an important cultural centre and a major tourist destination. Particularly renowned are the architectural works of Antoni Gaudí and Lluís Domènech i Montaner, which have been designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The headquarters of the Union for the Mediterranean are located in Barcelona. The city is known for hosting the 1992 Summer Olympics as well as world-class conferences and expositions and also many international sport tournaments.

Barcelona is one of the world's leading tourist, economic, trade fair and cultural centres, and its influence in commerce, education, entertainment, sports, media, fashion, science, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the major global cities.[8][9] It is a major cultural and economic centre in southwestern Europe, 24th in the world (before Zürich, after Frankfurt)[10] and a financial centre. In 2008 it was the fourth most economically powerful city by GDP in the European Union and 35th in the world with GDP amounting to €177 billion.[11] It is the main biotech hub in Spain.[12] In 2012 Barcelona had a GDP of $170 billion; and it was leading Spain in employment rate in that moment.[13]



Madrid (/məˈdrɪd/, Spanish: [maˈðɾið])[n. 1] is the capital and most populous city of Spain. The city has almost 3.3 million[8] inhabitants and a metropolitan area population of approximately 6.5 million. It is the second-largest city in the European Union (EU), surpassed only by Berlin, and its monocentric metropolitan area is the second-largest in the EU, smaller only than Paris.[9][10][11] The municipality covers 604.3 km2 (233.3 sq mi).[12]

Madrid lies on the River Manzanares in the centre of both the country and the Community of Madrid region, of which it is also the capital. As the capital city of Spain, seat of government, residence of the Spanish monarch, Madrid is also the political, economic and cultural centre of the country.[13] The current mayor is José Luis Martínez-Almeida from the People's Party.

The Madrid urban agglomeration has the third-largest GDP[14] in the European Union and its influence in politics, education, entertainment, environment, media, fashion, science, culture, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world's major global cities.[15][16] Madrid is home to two world-famous football clubs, Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid. Due to its economic output, high standard of living, and market size, Madrid is considered 
the major financial centre
[17] and the leading economic hub of the Iberian Peninsula and of Southern Europe.[18][19] It hosts the head offices of the vast majority of major Spanish companies, such as Telefónica, IAG or Repsol. Madrid is also the 10th most liveable city in the world according to Monocle magazine, in its 2017 index.[20]

Zaragoza[a] (also called Saragossa[b] in English)[4] is the capital city of the Zaragoza province and of the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. It lies by the Ebro river and its tributaries, the Huerva and the Gállego, roughly in the center of both Aragon and the Ebro basin.

On 1 January, 2019 the population of the city of Zaragoza was 706,904,[5] within its administrative limits on a land area of 1,062.64 square kilometres (410.29 square miles), ranking fifth in Spain. It is the 32nd most populous municipality in the European Union. The population of the metropolitan area was estimated in 2006 at 783,763 inhabitants. The municipality is home to more than 50 percent of the Aragonese population.
The city lies at an elevation of 199 metres (653 feet) above sea level.

Zaragoza hosted Expo 2008 in the summer of 2008, a world's fair on water and sustainable development. It was also a candidate for the European Capital of Culture in 2012.

The city is famous for its folklore, local gastronomy, and landmarks such as the Basílica del Pilar, La Seo Cathedral and the Aljafería Palace.
Together with La Seo and the Aljafería, several other buildings form part of the Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Fiestas del Pilar are among the most celebrated festivals in Spain.



The Community of Madrid (English: /məˈdrɪd/;[3] Spanish: Comunidad de Madrid Spanish pronunciation: [komuniˈðað ðe maˈðɾið] (listen)) is one of the seventeen autonomous communities of Spain. It is located in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula, and of the Central Plateau (Meseta Central). Its capital is the city of Madrid, which is also the capital of the country. The Community of Madrid is bounded to the south and east by Castilla–La Mancha and to the north and west by Castile and León. It was formally created in 1983, based on the limits of the province of Madrid, which was until then conventionally included in the historical region of New Castile.

The Community of Madrid is the third most populous in Spain with 6,549,979 (2018) inhabitants mostly concentrated in the metropolitan area of Madrid.[4] It is also the most densely populated autonomous community. In absolute terms, Madrid's economy is, since 2018, slightly bigger in size to that of Catalonia.[5] Madrid has the highest GDP per capita in the country.[6]

The region contains three World Heritage Sites: the Monastery and Royal Site of El Escorial, the University and historic centre of Alcalá de Henares, and the cultural landscape of Aranjuez. In addition, the Montejo Beech Forest [es]  is part of the transnational Ancient and Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and Other Regions of Europe world heritage site.



Barcelona (/ˌbɑːrsəˈloʊnə/ BAR-sə-LOH-nə, Catalan: [bəɾsəˈlonə], Spanish: [baɾθeˈlona]) is a city on the coast of northeastern Spain. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia, as well as the second most populous municipality of Spain. With a population of 1.6 million within city limits,[7] its urban area extends to numerous neighbouring municipalities within the Province of Barcelona and is home to around 4.8 million people,[3] making it the fifth most populous urban area in the European Union after Paris, the Ruhr area, Madrid, and Milan.[3] It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range, the tallest peak of which is 512 metres (1,680 feet) high.

Founded as a Roman city, in the Middle Ages Barcelona became the capital of the County of Barcelona. After merging with the Kingdom of Aragon, Barcelona continued to be an important city in the Crown of Aragon as an economic and administrative centre of this Crown and the capital of the Principality of Catalonia. Barcelona has a rich cultural heritage and is today an important cultural centre and a major tourist destination. Particularly renowned are the architectural works of Antoni Gaudí and Lluís Domènech i Montaner, which have been designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The headquarters of the Union for the Mediterranean are located in Barcelona. The city is known for hosting the 1992 Summer Olympics as well as world-class conferences and expositions and also many international sport tournaments.

Barcelona is one of the world's leading tourist, economic, trade fair and cultural centres, and its influence in commerce, education, entertainment, sports, media, fashion, science, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the major global cities.[8][9] It is a major cultural and economic centre in southwestern Europe, 24th in the world (before Zürich, after Frankfurt)[10] and a financial centre. In 2008 it was the fourth most economically powerful city by GDP in the European Union and 35th in the world with GDP amounting to €177 billion.[11] It is the main biotech hub in Spain.[12] In 2012 Barcelona had a GDP of $170 billion; and it was leading Spain in employment rate in that moment.[13]

Chamartín is an administrative district of Madrid, Spain and consists of the following neighborhoods: El Viso, La Prosperidad, Ciudad Jardín, Hispanoamérica, Nueva España, and Castilla.
It was originally named Chamartin de la Rosa and remained an independent municipality until it was incorporated to Madrid in 1948.[1]

It is bounded by the Paseo de la Castellana to the west, the Autopista de Circunvalación M-30 to the north and east, and the Autovía A-2 to the south.

Some of the landmarks of Chamartin are the Gate of Europe, a pair of inclined office buildings; the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, home of the football team Real Madrid; Chamartín Station, the second-largest train station in Madrid; the Cuatro Torres Business Area, a business park that comprises the four tallest skyscrapers in Spain; and the National Auditorium of Music (the main concert hall in Madrid) which hosts the Spanish National Orchestra.

It is one of the wealthiest and most exclusive districts in the whole of Madrid.

Villaviciosa de Odón (Spanish pronunciation: [biʎaβiˈθjosa ðe oˈðõn]) is a municipality in the western zone of the Community of Madrid in Spain. The town is located 15 km west of Madrid's city center, in the western zone of the metro area. The Spanish Air Force Museum and the Universidad Europea de Madrid are located within the municipality.

Villaviciosa's quiet lifestyle and its proximity to Madrid propitiated rapid and extensive development during the late 1990s and early 2000s. Because of its proximity to the Universidad Europea de Madrid, it has become a university town, with well-developed residential area and amenities for students. The town contains the Castle of Villaviciosa de Odón.

The first news of population formed in the vicinity of Villaviciosa are of the Visigoth era as demonstrates the necropolis found when the splitting of the M-501 road from Villaviciosa until Navas del Rey. We also know that there was a population nucleus on the land now occupied by Villaviciosa; it was the old Calatalifa, this name comes from the Arabic قلعة الخليفة Qal`at al-Khalifa or Castillo del Califa, populated quoted by Ibn Hayyan chronicler in 939, but probably its foundation occurred earlier.

Like many other towns in the Community of Madrid, Calatalifa was occupied by Castilian troops during the Reconquista. The Christian advance, after conquering Mayrit (Madrid), ended with the conquest of Toledo by Alfonso VI. Calatalifa was a settlement of three cultures, Christians, Arabs and Jews at the time, but disappeared towards the end of the thirteenth century.



Valladolid (/ˌvælədəˈliːd, -ˈlɪd, ˌbɑːjə-/, Spanish: [baʎaðoˈlið] (listen)) is a city in Spain and the capital of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It has a population of 309,714 people (2013 est.),[2] making it Spain's 13th most populous municipality and northwestern Spain's biggest city. Its metropolitan area ranks 20th in Spain with a population of 414,244 people in 23 municipalities.

The city is situated at the confluence of the Pisuerga and Esgueva rivers 15 km (9.3 mi) before they join the Duero, and located within five winegrowing regions: Ribera del Duero, Rueda, Toro, Tierra de León, and Cigales. 
Valladolid was originally settled in pre-Roman times by the Celtic Vaccaei people, and later the Romans themselves. It remained a small settlement until being re-established by King Alfonso VI of Castile as a Lordship for the Count Pedro Ansúrez in 1072. It grew to prominence in the Middle Ages as the seat of the Court of Castile and being endowed with fairs and different institutions as a collegiate church, University (1241), Royal Court and Chancery and the Royal Mint. The Catholic Monarchs, Isabel I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon, married in Valladolid in 1469 and established it as the capital of the Kingdom of Castile and later of united Spain. Christopher Columbus died in Valladolid in 1506, while authors José Zorrilla, Miguel de Cervantes and Francisco de Quevedo lived and worked in the city. The city was briefly the capital of Habsburg Spain under Phillip III between 1601 and 1606, before returning indefinitely to Madrid. The city then declined until the arrival of the railway in the 19th century, and with its industrialisation into the 20th century.

The old town is made up of a variety of historic houses, palaces, churches, plazas, avenues and parks, and includes the National Museum of Sculpture, the Museum of Contemporary Art Patio Herreriano or the Oriental Museum, as well as the houses of Zorrilla and Cervantes which are open as museums. Among the events that are held each year in the city are the famous Holy Week, Valladolid International Film Festival (Seminci), and the Festival of Theatre and Street Arts (TAC).

Coordinates: 40°26′10″N 3°48′50″W﻿ / ﻿40.43611°N 3.81389°W﻿ / 40.43611; -3.81389
Pozuelo de Alarcón (Spanish pronunciation: [poˈθwelo ðe alaɾˈkon]) is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain. Bordering the Moncloa-Aravaca district of Madrid proper to its west, Pozuelo de Alarcón is surrounded by large Mediterranean pine-tree forests: the Casa de Campo, the Monte del Pardo, and the Monte del Pilar. As of 2019[update], it ranks as the wealthiest municipality in Spain.[2] La Finca, an isolated luxury residential area known by its affluent residents, most notably football players, lies within the municipality bounds.[3]

Pozuelo has become a low-density residential area during recent decades, as new residential developments have spread over formerly agricultural lands. New transportation infrastructure is approved by the local government. Notable infrastructure developments include the M-40 (the second, counting outwards, of Madrid's ring motorways) and the new 'Metro Ligero' (light rail) line ML2 of the Madrid metro system, which was built in summer 2007 to connect Pozuelo with the Aluche district in the city of Madrid. Two stations also serve Pozuelo: 'Pozuelo' and 'El Barrial-Centro Commercial Pozuelo' of the Madrid area local train system, the 'Cercanias'. Road access is also provided by the A6 and the M503, with the Madrid orbital M40 running to the west.

Pozuelo has one of the highest average per capita incomes in Madrid. According to a report by the Institute of Statistics of the Comunidad de Madrid, Pozuelo's average income level ranks highest, by a notable margin, amongst the municipalities of the Region of Madrid.[4] The standard of living in most of its neighborhoods is high, although some old town-center areas, where a growing economic immigrant population has moved in, are excluded from such wealth.

Pozuelo has a number of urban parks, some of them elongated and serving to separate different areas of the town. The Avenida de Europa is an urban development designed around a wide boulevard.



The Paseo del Prado is one of the main boulevards in Madrid, Spain. The Paseo del Prado is the oldest historical city street in Madrid and was declared Bien de Interés Cultural (BIC). It runs north-south between the Plaza de Cibeles and the Plaza del Emperador Carlos V (also known as Plaza de Atocha), with the Plaza de Cánovas del Castillo (the location of the Fuente de Neptuno, and of the Ritz and Palace five-star hotels) lying approximately in the middle. The Paseo del Prado forms the southern end of the city's central axis (which continues to the north of Cibeles as the Paseo de Recoletos, and further north as the Paseo de la Castellana).

This densely tree-lined, wide and central avenue is a landmark for the city residents and the location of important cultural and tourist spots in the city, including the so-called Golden Triangle of Art, which encompasses three museums: the Prado Museum (with highlights such as Diego Velázquez's Las Meninas and Francisco de Goya's La maja vestida and La maja desnuda), the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum (housing a collection that spans eight centuries of European painting), and the Reina Sofia Museum (where Pablo Picasso's Guernica hangs, among a collection of 20th-century art). In the vicinity are located the Parque del Buen Retiro and the Casón del Buen Retiro (hosting the 19th-century collection of the Prado Museum), as well as the headquarters of the Real Academia Española (the Spanish language academy), the Bolsa de Madrid (the city's stock exchange), and the Congreso de los Diputados (the national congress).

The Paseo del Prado boulevard includes several monuments and enclosures that are of historical and artistic interest, erected in the eighteenth century for the Hall of Prado urban project.  Numerous ornamental and landscaping grounds were constructed for this project. The highlights of this project include the Villanueva Building (the Prado Museum's main building), the Royal Botanical Gardens and three sculptural water fountains designed by Ventura Rodriguez, depicting Neptune, Cibeles and Apollo.[citation needed]



Málaga (/ˈmæləɡə/, Spanish: [ˈmalaɣa]) is a municipality of Spain, capital of the Province of Málaga, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. With a population of 571,026 in 2018,[4] it is the second-most populous city of Andalusia after Seville and the sixth most populous in Spain. It lies on the Costa del Sol (Coast of the Sun) of the Mediterranean, about 100 kilometres (62.14 miles) east of the Strait of Gibraltar and about 130 km (80.78 mi) north of Africa.

Málaga's history spans about 2,800 years, making it one of the oldest cities in Europe and one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. According to most scholars, it was founded about 770 BC by the Phoenicians as Malaka[5] (Punic: 𐤌𐤋𐤊𐤀, MLKʾ).[6] From the 6th century BC the city was under the hegemony of Ancient Carthage, and from 218 BC, it was ruled by the Roman Republic and then empire as Malaca (Latin). After the fall of the empire and the end of Visigothic rule, it was under Islamic rule as Mālaqah (Arabic: مالقة‎) for 800 years, but in 1487, the Crown of Castille gained control in the midst of the Granada War. The archaeological remains and monuments from the Phoenician, Roman, Arabic and Christian eras make the historic center of the city an "open museum", displaying its history of nearly 3,000 years.

The painter and sculptor Pablo Picasso, Hebrew poet and Jewish philosopher Solomon Ibn Gabirol and the actor Antonio Banderas were born in Málaga. The magnum opus of Cuban composer Ernesto Lecuona, "Malagueña", is named after the music of this region of Spain.

Alcobendas (Spanish pronunciation: [alkoˈβenðas]) is a city located in the Community of Madrid, central Spain. It is located roughly 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Madrid and 7 kilometres (4 mi) from Barajas International Airport. It includes a central urban zone, a recently built district known as Valdelasfuentes, La Moraleja and El Soto de la Moraleja residential zones, the Valdelatas nature reserve and a light industrial estate. A business park called Valdelacasa for high-tech firms is being built. It is the location of a basketball museum organised by the Pedro Ferrándiz Foundation where the FIBA Hall of Fame is located.

Once a working class area, it has in more recent times become one of the most economically affluent areas of the Madrid metropolitan area and also contains the exclusive residential area of La Moraleja.

Alcobendas is in the B1 zone for Madrid's transport network.
Both Alcobendas and its neighbour city, San Sebastián de los Reyes are connected with Madrid with buses operated by the 'Interbús' bus company. There are currently eight bus lines that go to and from different districts of Alcobendas to Plaza de Castilla (the hub for public transport to northern Madrid). Alcobendas also has eight bus lines that connect the different zones of Alcobendas between themselves.

Metro (Underground):

The requested page title contains unsupported characters: "|".

Return to Main Page.
Plaza de Colón (Columbus Square, in English) is located in the encounter of Chamberí, Centro and Salamanca districts of Madrid, Spain. This plaza and its fountain commemorate the explorer Christopher Columbus, whose name in Spanish was Cristóbal Colón.

The plaza, originally called Plaza de Santiago (St. James Square), was renamed Plaza de Colón in 1893 to honor Christopher Columbus. The square contains two monuments.

On the Paseo de la Castellana (Promenade of the Castilian) side there is a monument to Columbus built in 1885. This is a statue of Columbus standing at the pinnacle of a tall column.

The second monument on the Serrano Street. side consists of concrete macro-sculptures by Joaquín Vaquero Turcios. The concrete blocks are decorated with inscriptions by philosophers and indigenous leaders.

The Buen Retiro Park (Spanish: Parque del Buen Retiro, literally "Park of the Pleasant Retreat"), Retiro Park or simply El Retiro is one of the largest parks of the city of Madrid, Spain. The park belonged to the Spanish Monarchy until the late 19th century, when it became a public park.

The Buen Retiro Park is a large and popular 1.4 km2 (350 acres) park at the edge of the city centre, very close to the Puerta de Alcalá and not far from the Prado Museum. A magnificent park, filled with beautiful sculptures and monuments, galleries, a peaceful lake, and a host to a variety of events, it is one of Madrid's premier attractions. The park is entirely surrounded by the present-day city.

In 1505, at the time of Isabella I (r. 1474–1504) the Jeronimos monastery was moved from an unsuitable location elsewhere to the present site of San Jeronimo el Real Church, and a new monastery built in Isabelline Gothic style. The royal family had a retreat built as part of the church.

King Philip II (r. 1556–1598) moved the Spanish court to Madrid in 1561. Philip had the Retiro enlarged by his architect Juan Bautista de Toledo, and formal avenues of trees were laid out.

Palacio de Deportes de la Comunidad de Madrid (English: Sports Palace in the Regional Community of Madrid), officially WiZink Center since November 2016 for sponsorship reasons,[1] is an indoor sporting arena located in Madrid, Spain.

The former building, which was built in 1960, was destroyed by a fire in 2001. Architects Enrique Hermoso and Paloma Huidobro projected a High-Tech style new arena that was built at the same location between 2002 and 2005.

The arena hosted two major international basketball events in the first decade of the 21st century - the knockout stage of EuroBasket 2007 and the EuroLeague's Final Four 2008. It also hosted the final stage of the Copa del Rey of basketball in 2006, 2009, 2011 and 2019. The arena was the finals venue for the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup and the Euroleague Final Four 2015.

Until the late 19th century, the area where the Sports Centre was an area of orchards on the perimeter of the city, in Goya street below, the edge of the extension that had been done at the behest of Marques de Salamanca. In 1872 the then mayor of Madrid, the Count of Toreno, laid the foundation stone of a new bullring, since the old, located next to the Puerta de Alcalá, was demolished for the construction of new neighborhood. Two years later, on 4 September 1874 the mayor inaugurated the bullring, built in a neomudéjar style and designed by architects Álvarez Lorenzo Capra and Emilio Rodríguez Ayuso.

Centro is the central district of the city of Madrid, Spain. It is approximately 5.23 km² (2.02 sq mi) in size. It has a population of 149,718 people and a population density of 28,587/km² (74,040/sq mi).

The Centro district of Madrid is the oldest section of the city. Evidence of a stable settlement dates back to Spain's Muslim period. In the second half of the 9th century, the emir of Córdoba, Muhammad I (852–886), built a fortress on a promontory beside the river, the modern-day location of the Royal Palace. Its purpose was to watch the passes of the Sierra de Guadarrama and to initiate raids against the northern Christian countries. The remaining ruins of the fortress's wall are still preserved. A small suburb called Magerit developed to the east of the fortress. With the exception of the wall, few structures from this period remain.

The city passed into Christian hands in 1085, prospering into a villa by 1123. Philip II chose to place his court in Madrid in 1561, ensuring the swift evolution of the city. Many of the older buildings and monuments of the region known as El Madrid de los Austrias are from this period.

The city quickly surpassed the borders of the current Centro district; however, the majority of new monuments continue to be built in the area, including the Royal Palace and the Plaza de Cibeles. The Bourbon kings, especially Carlos III, fixated on converting Madrid into a city at the height of the new European villas, using Paris as a model. This resulted in huge investments in the infrastructure of the city, especially sewage and public buildings.

Paseo de la Castellana,[n. 1] commonly known as La Castellana, is a major street in Madrid, Spain. Cutting across the city from South to North, it has been described as the "true structuring axis" of the city.[1]

The street was formerly a thalweg partially along which the Arroyo de la Castellana flowed towards its emptying in the Abroñigal.[2] The Fuente Castellana, which was the main source of the Arroyo de la Castellana[2] and, according to Cervantes, a spring with "extremely cold waters",[3] was located near the current day plaza de Emilio Castelar.[3]

The waterstream, formerly used as dump, was channeled in 1807.[4] The first stretch of the street (from the Gate of Recoletos to the Fuente Castellana) was built following the western (right) bank of the stream;[5] the works started in early 1833, and inaugurated in October 1833, it was named Paseo de las Delicias de la Princesa and Paseo de las Delicias de Isabel II after Princess/Queen Isabella,[5] although it was popularly known as Paseo de la Fuente Castellana.[4] The tree planting ensued for some years.[6]

In the 1930s, during the Second Republic, the Minister Indalecio Prieto and Architect Secundino Zuazo gave the necessary boost for the expansion of the street towards the North, linked to the project of Nuevos Ministerios.[7] Following the Civil War, the Francoist regime resumed the works. During the dictatorship, the stretch north of the crossroads with Raimundo Fernández Villaverde and Joaquín Costa was named "Avenida del Generalísimo".[8] In 1980, following the return of democracy, the Madrid City Council voted to rename streets throughout the capital, reinstating those had prior to the Second Republic;[9] these measures, passed with the votes of the PSOE and PCE municipal councillors, were opposed by the UCD councillors.[9]



Seville (/səˈvɪl/; Spanish: Sevilla [seˈβiʎa] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of the Spanish autonomous community of Andalusia and the province of Seville. It is situated on the lower reaches of the River Guadalquivir, in the southwest of the Iberian Peninsula. Seville has a municipal population of about 690,000 as of 2016[update], and a metropolitan population of about 1.5 million, making it the largest city in Andalusia, the fourth-largest city in Spain and the 30th most populous municipality in the European Union. Its old town, with an area of 4 square kilometres (2 sq mi), contains three UNESCO World Heritage Sites: the Alcázar palace complex, the Cathedral and the General Archive of the Indies. The Seville harbour, located about 80 kilometres (50 miles) from the Atlantic Ocean, is the only river port in Spain.[3] Seville experiences high temperatures in the summer, with daily maximums routinely above 35 °C (95 °F) in July and August.

Seville was founded as the Roman city of Hispalis. It became known as Ishbiliyya after the Muslim conquest in 711. During the Muslim rule in Spain, Seville came under the jurisdiction of the Caliphate of Córdoba before becoming the independent Taifa of Seville; later it was ruled by the Muslim Almoravids and the Almohads until finally being incorporated into the Christian Kingdom of Castile under Ferdinand III in 1248.[4] After the discovery of the Americas, Seville became one of the economic centres of the Spanish Empire as its port monopolised the trans-oceanic trade and the Casa de Contratación (House of Trade) wielded its power, opening a Golden Age of arts and literature. In 1519, Ferdinand Magellan departed from Seville for the first circumnavigation of the Earth. Coinciding with the Baroque period of European history, the 17th century in Seville represented the most brilliant flowering of the city's culture; then began a gradual economic and demographic decline as silting in the Guadalquivir forced the trade monopoly to relocate to the nearby port of Cádiz.

The 20th century in Seville saw the tribulations of the Spanish Civil War, decisive cultural milestones such as the Ibero-American Exposition of 1929 and Expo '92, and the city's election as the capital of the Autonomous Community of Andalusia.

Barajas is a district belonging to the city of Madrid, Spain.

Madrid's main international airport, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, is located in the district.

The district is administratively divided into 5 wards (Barrios):

 Media related to Barajas District, Madrid at Wikimedia Commons

Segovia (/sɪˈɡoʊviə/,[2] also US: /seɪˈ-/,[3] Spanish: [seˈɣoβja] (listen)) is a city of Spain located in the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is the capital and most populated municipality of the Province of Segovia.

Segovia is located in the Inner Plateau, near the northern slopes of the Sistema Central mountain range, straddling the course of the Eresma river.

The city is famous for its historic buildings including the three main landmarks: its midtown Roman aqueduct, its cathedral (one of the last ones to be built in Europe following a Gothic style), and the castle, which served as one of the templates for Walt Disney's Cinderella Castle. The city center of Segovia was declared World Heritage by UNESCO in 1985.

The name of Segovia is of Celtiberian origin. Although the historians linked the old name of the city to Segobriga, the recent discovery of the original Roman city in the Spanish village of Saelices discarded this possibility. The name of "Segovia" is mentioned by Livy in the context of the Sertorian War.

Alcalá de Henares (Spanish pronunciation: [alkaˈla ðe eˈnaɾes]) is a Spanish city in the Community of Madrid. Straddling the Henares River, it is located 35 kilometres (22 miles) to the northeast of the centre of Madrid. As of 2018[update], it has a population of 193,751, making it the region's third most populated municipality.

Predated by earlier settlements (oppida) on the left bank of the Henares, the city has its origins in the Complutum [es] settlement founded in Roman times on the right bank (North) of the river, that became a bishopric seat in the 5th century. One of the several Muslim citadels in the Middle Mark of al-Andalus (hence the name Alcalá, a derivative of the Arabic term for citadel) was established on the left bank, while, after the Christian conquest culminated circa 1118, the bulk of the urban nucleus returned to the right bank. For much of the late middle-ages and the early modern period before becoming part of the province of Madrid, Alcalá de Henares was a seigneurial estate of the archbishop of Toledo.

Its historical centre is one of UNESCO's World Heritage Sites.

The city has a long university tradition. Francisco Jiménez de Cisneros founded the Complutense University in Alcalá de Henares in the late 15th century. The city currently hosts the (refounded) University of Alcalá. It is the native city of Miguel de Cervantes.

Móstoles (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈmostoles]) is a city and municipality of Spain located in the Community of Madrid. With over two hundred thousand inhabitants, it is the region's second most populated municipality after Madrid. Móstoles was for a long time a small village, but expanded rapidly in the second half of the 20th century.

The city also hosts the main campus of the Rey Juan Carlos University.

The municipality presents a largely flat relief.[2] The main hydrographic features are the Guadarrama river at the western end of the municipality and several of the latter's left bank tributary creeks, including the Arroyo del Soto and the Arroyo de los Combos.[2]

It lies at 660 metres above sea level.[3]

Arganda del Rey (Spanish pronunciation: [aɾˈɣanda ðel rej]) is a municipality and city of Spain located in the Community of Madrid.

Located in the central part of the Iberian Peninsula, the city lies at roughly 613 metres above sea level,[2] not far from the junction of the Jarama and Manzanares rivers. 
It has been ascribed either to the Comarca de Alcalá or the Alcarria de Alcalá natural regions. It is connected to Madrid by metro line 9, underground.

The first permanent dwelling does not date back to the Arab presence in the Iberian Peninsula as it has been suggested. archaeological Remains from the earlier Roman era have been found, and some philologists argue that the name of the municipality comes from the Latin area canda ("white area"). In the Roman texts of Ptolemy several cities are mentioned as pre-Roman habitations (Carpetanos) with Alternia (Arganda) among them.

In the 11th century, Arganda was the home of the king of Spain for 20 years. It was conquered by the Christians, but there was no notable population expansion until the 14th century. The majority of historians believe that the population increase was due to the pestilence of 1348.[citation needed]



Salamanca is one of the 21 districts that form the city of Madrid, Spain. Salamanca is located to the northeast of the historical center of Madrid.
Salamanca lies east of the district of Chamberí, south of Chamartín, and north of Retiro. Salamanca counts approximately 151.000 inhabitants.

The limits of Salamanca district are defined by the Paseo de Recoletos and the Paseo de la Castellana to the west, the Calle de Alcalá and Calle O'Donnell to the south, the Avenida de la Paz (M-30) to the east and María de Molina Street and Avenida de América to the north. It covers an area of 540.742 hectares.

The district is administratively divided into 6 wards (Barrios):

Fuencarral-El Pardo is one of the 21 districts that form the city of Madrid, Spain. 

Fuencarral-El Pardo is the district number 8 and consists of the following neighborhoods: El Pardo (81), Fuentelarreina (82), Peñagrande (83), Pilar (84), La Paz (85), Valverde (86), Mirasierra (87) and El Goloso (88).

Despite its being a part of a capital city, El Pardo with its woods and river is an ecologically important landscape. It enjoyed protection from development as a hunting estate associated with the Royal Palace of El Pardo. In the 1980s the European Union designated the Monte de El Pardo as a Special Protection Area for bird-life.[1]

The district is administratively divided into 8 wards (Barrios):



The Puerta del Sol (Spanish for "Gate of the Sun") is a public square in Madrid, one of the best known and busiest places in the city. This is the centre (Km 0) of the radial network of Spanish roads. The square also contains the famous clock whose bells mark the traditional eating of the Twelve Grapes and the beginning of a new year. The New Year's celebration has been broadcast live since 31 December 1962 on major radio and television networks including Antena 3 and RTVE.

The Puerta del Sol originated as one of the gates in the city wall that surrounded Madrid in the 15th century. Outside the wall, medieval suburbs began to grow around the Christian Wall of the 12th century. The name of the gate came from the rising sun which decorated the entry, since the gate was oriented to the east.

Between the 17th and 19th centuries, the area was an important meeting place: as the goal for the couriers coming from abroad and other parts of Spain to the Post Office, it was visited by those eager for the latest news. The stairs to the Saint Philip church at the square were known as the Gradas de San Felipe, and were among the most prolific mentideros de la Corte (this Spanish idiom sounds as "lie-spreaders of the Court", but it is related with the verb mentar, "to say about someone", not mentir, "to lie", so it is more appropriately translated as "places of the City where people gossip").



The Palacio Vistalegre is a multipurpose arena located in Madrid, Spain. It was built on the site of the former bullring, "Plaza de toros de Vista Alegre", built in 1906 and demolished in 1995. The venue is composed of three main spaces: The Arena, The Center and the Sala San Miguel (formerly known as The Box).

In 1980, the original bullring closed,[citation needed] and the site stood empty until plans were unveiled in 1996 for the modern arena, which would also be capable of staging bullfights.

The arena was opened in 2000, offering a seating capacity of 14,000 and has 1,015 parking places.

El Pardo is a ward (barrio) of Madrid belonging to the district of Fuencarral-El Pardo. As of 2008 its population was of 3,656.[1]

The ward was first mentioned in 1405 and in 1950 was an autonomous municipality of the Community of Madrid. One of the most notable buildings is the "Royal Palace of El Pardo", built in 1406 by the order of King Henry III of Castile. It was the first large edifice built in the area.[2]

The Palace of El Pardo was the residence of General Franco when he was head of the Spanish State.

El Pardo is located in the northern suburb of Madrid, close to the Manzanares river. Part of its area is covered by a forest named Monte de El Pardo (El Pardo Mountain). The ward contains a neighbourhood called Mingorrubio.

Rivas-Vaciamadrid (Spanish: [ˈriβaz βaθjamaˈðɾið]) is the 15th most populated city in the Community of Madrid, Spain.[2] It belongs to the Madrid metropolitan area and is located just 15 km from central Madrid, to the south-east. In the southern part of the municipality, the Manzanares river flows into the Jarama, which is part of the Lower Manzanares and Jarama Rivers Regional Park. Almost three quarters of the municipality form part of the park, making it an important ecological centre with numerous lakes and various species of wildlife and fauna.

It has been one of the fastest growing municipalities in Spain in recent years, growing from 500 inhabitants in the 1980s to its current figure of 84,000.[3] It is bordered to the north by Madrid and San Fernando de Henares, to the south by Arganda del Rey and San Martín de la Vega, to the east by Mejorada del Campo and Velilla de San Antonio, and to the west by Getafe and Madrid (the district of Villa de Vallecas.)

Rivas-Vaciamadrid municipality is the seventh richest in Spain, according to a 2014 list,[4] and has the fourth lowest rate of population in risk of poverty, among municipalities with more than 50,000 inhabitants.[5] It is the most populated city in Spain governed by United Left.

In 1845, the area of Vaciamadrid, previously part of the village of Vallecas, was joined to the town of Rivas, with the unified municipality originally called Ribas de Jarama.



Madrid (/məˈdrɪd/, Spanish: [maˈðɾið])[n. 1] is the capital and most populous city of Spain. The city has almost 3.3 million[8] inhabitants and a metropolitan area population of approximately 6.5 million. It is the second-largest city in the European Union (EU), surpassed only by Berlin, and its monocentric metropolitan area is the second-largest in the EU, smaller only than Paris.[9][10][11] The municipality covers 604.3 km2 (233.3 sq mi).[12]

Madrid lies on the River Manzanares in the centre of both the country and the Community of Madrid region, of which it is also the capital. As the capital city of Spain, seat of government, residence of the Spanish monarch, Madrid is also the political, economic and cultural centre of the country.[13] The current mayor is José Luis Martínez-Almeida from the People's Party.

The Madrid urban agglomeration has the third-largest GDP[14] in the European Union and its influence in politics, education, entertainment, environment, media, fashion, science, culture, and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world's major global cities.[15][16] Madrid is home to two world-famous football clubs, Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid. Due to its economic output, high standard of living, and market size, Madrid is considered 
the major financial centre
[17] and the leading economic hub of the Iberian Peninsula and of Southern Europe.[18][19] It hosts the head offices of the vast majority of major Spanish companies, such as Telefónica, IAG or Repsol. Madrid is also the 10th most liveable city in the world according to Monocle magazine, in its 2017 index.[20]





Tokyo (/ˈtoʊkioʊ, -kjoʊ/; Japanese: 東京, Tōkyō [toːkʲoː] (listen)), officially Tokyo Metropolis (東京都, Tōkyō-to), is the capital and most populous prefecture of Japan. Located at the head of Tokyo Bay, the prefecture forms part of the Kantō region on the central Pacific coast of Japan's main island, Honshu. Tokyo is the political and economic center of the country, as well as the seat of the Emperor of Japan and the national government. The Greater Tokyo Area is the largest urban economy and the most populous metropolitan area in the world, with more than 37.4 million residents as of 2018.[5]

Originally a fishing village named Edo, the city became a prominent political center in 1603, when it became the seat of the Tokugawa shogunate. By the mid-18th century, Edo was one of the most populous cities in the world, with a population numbering more than one million. Following the end of the shogunate in 1868, the imperial capital in Kyoto was moved to the city, which was renamed Tokyo (literally "eastern capital"). Tokyo was devastated by the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, and again by Allied bombing raids during World War II. Beginning in the 1950s, the city underwent rapid reconstruction and expansion, going on to lead Japan's post-war economic recovery. Since 1943, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government has administered the prefecture's 23 special wards (formerly Tokyo City), various bed towns in the western area, and two outlying island chains.

Osaka (Japanese: 大阪市, Hepburn: Ōsaka-shi, pronounced [oːsakaɕi]; commonly just 大阪, Ōsaka [oːsaka] (listen)) is a designated city in the Kansai region of Honshu in Japan. It is the capital city of Osaka Prefecture and the largest component of the Keihanshin Metropolitan Area, the second largest metropolitan area in Japan and among the largest in the world with more than 20 million inhabitants.

Osaka was traditionally considered Japan's economic hub. By the Kofun period (300–538) it had developed into an important regional port, and in the 7th and 8th centuries, it served briefly as the imperial capital. Osaka continued to flourish during the Edo period (1603–1867) and became known as a center of Japanese culture. Following the Meiji Restoration, Osaka greatly expanded in size and underwent rapid industrialization. In 1889, Osaka was officially established as a municipality.

Today, Osaka is a major financial center of Japan. It is home to the Osaka Securities Exchange as well as the multinational electronics corporations Panasonic and Sharp. Famous landmarks in Osaka include Osaka Castle - which played a pivotal role in the Siege of Osaka and was featured in the 1980 American television mini-series Shogun - and Shitennō-ji - the oldest Buddhist temple in Japan.

Ōsaka means "large hill" or "large slope". It is unclear when this name gained prominence over Naniwa, but the oldest written evidence for the name dates back to 1496.[3][4][citation needed]



Yokohama (Japanese: 横浜, Hepburn: Yokohama, pronounced [jokohama] (listen)) is the second largest city in Japan by population,[2] and the most populous municipality of Japan. It is the capital city of Kanagawa Prefecture. It lies on Tokyo Bay, south of Tokyo, in the Kantō region of the main island of Honshu. It is a major commercial hub of the Greater Tokyo Area.

Yokohama developed rapidly as Japan's prominent port city following the end of Japan's relative isolation in the mid-19th century, and is today one of its major ports along with Kobe, Osaka, Nagoya, Hakata, Tokyo, and Chiba.

Yokohama (横浜) literally means "horizontal beach".[3] The current area surrounded by Maita Park, the Ōoka River and the Nakamura River had been a gulf divided by a sandbar from the open sea. This sandbar was the original Yokohama fishing village. Since the sandbar protruded perpendicularly from the land, or horizontally when viewed from the sea, it was called a "horizontal beach".[4]

Shinjuku (Japanese: 新宿区, Hepburn: Shinjuku-ku) is a special ward in Tokyo, Japan. It is a major commercial and administrative centre, housing the northern half of the busiest railway station in the world (Shinjuku Station) and the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building, the administration centre for the government of Tokyo. As of 2015, the ward has an estimated population of 337,556, and a population density of 18,517 people per km². The total area is 18.23 km².[3]  Since the end of the Second World War, Shinjuku has been a major secondary center of Tokyo (fukutoshin), rivaling to the original city center in Marunouchi and Ginza.

Shinjuku is also commonly used to refer to the entire area surrounding Shinjuku Station. The southern half of this area and of the station in fact belong to Yoyogi and Sendagaya districts of the neighboring Shibuya ward.

Shinjuku is surrounded by Chiyoda to the east; Bunkyo and Toshima to the north; Nakano to the west, and Shibuya and Minato to the south.[4]

The current city of Shinjuku grew out of several separate towns and villages, which have retained some distinctions despite growing together as part of the Tokyo metropolis.

Nagoya (名古屋市, Nagoya-shi) is the largest city in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is Japan's fourth-largest incorporated city and the third most populous urban area. Located on the Pacific coast on central Honshu, it is the capital of Aichi Prefecture and is one of Japan's major ports along with those of Tokyo, Osaka, Kobe, Yokohama, and Chiba. It is also the center of Japan's third-largest metropolitan region, known as the Chūkyō metropolitan area. As of 1 October 2019[update], 2,327,557 people lived in the city, part of Chūkyō metropolitan Area's 10.11 million people,[4] making it one of the 50 largest urban areas in the world.

In 1610, the warlord Tokugawa Ieyasu, a retainer of Oda Nobunaga, moved the capital of Owari Province from Kiyosu to Nagoya. This period saw the renovation of Nagoya Castle. Nagoya was proclaimed a city in 1889, during the Meiji Restoration; it became a major industrial hub for Japan. The traditional manufactures of timepieces, bicycles, and sewing machines were followed by the production of special steels, chemicals, oil, and petrochemicals, as the area’s automobile, aviation, and shipbuilding industries flourished.[5] Nagoya was impacted by bombing from US air raids during World War II. 

After the war, Nagoya developed into a major port and transport center. The Shinkansen high-speed line connecting Tokyo and Osaka converges on Nagoya. Nagoya is served by two airports: Chubu Centrair International Airport in nearby Tokoname, and Nagoya Airfield, home to Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation. Nagoya remains an important center for the automotive, aviation, and ceramic industries, hosting the headquarters of Brother Industries, Ibanez, Lexus, and Toyota Tsusho, among others.

Nagoya is home to Nagoya University, the Nagoya Institute of Technology, and Nagoya City University. It is also the location of numerous cultural institutions, including the Tokugawa Art Museum, Atsuta Shrine, Higashiyama Zoo and Botanical Gardens, Aichi Arts Center, and Misono-za. Nagoya TV Tower is the oldest TV tower in Japan.

Ginza (/ˈɡɪnzə/ GHIN-zə; Japanese: 銀座 [ɡindza]) is a district of Chūō, Tokyo, located south of Yaesu and Kyōbashi, west of Tsukiji, east of Yūrakuchō and Uchisaiwaichō, and north of Shinbashi. It is a popular upscale shopping area of Tokyo, with numerous internationally renowned department stores, boutiques, restaurants and coffeehouses located in its vicinity. It is considered to be one of the most expensive, elegant, and luxurious streets in the world.

Ginza was a part of the old Kyobashi ward of Tokyo City, which, together with Nihonbashi and Kanda, formed the core of Shitamachi,[1] the original downtown center of Edo-Tokyo.

Ginza was built upon a former swamp that was filled in during the 16th century. The name Ginza comes after the establishment of a silver-coin mint established there in 1612, during the Edo period.[2]

After a devastating fire in 1872 burned down most of the area,[2] the Meiji government designated the Ginza area as a "model of modernization." The government planned the construction of fireproof brick buildings and larger, better streets connecting Shimbashi Station all the way to the foreign concession in Tsukiji.

Chūō (中央区, Chūō-ku) is a special ward that forms part of the heart of Tokyo, Japan. The ward refers to itself in English as Chūō City. It was formed in 1947 as a merger of Kyobashi and Nihonbashi wards following Tokyo City's transformation into Tokyo Metropolis.

Chūō-ku, as a combination of Kyobashi and Nihonbashi, is the core of Shitamachi,[1] the original downtown center of Edo-Tokyo. Literally meaning "Central Ward", it is historically the main commercial center of Tokyo, although Shinjuku has risen to challenge it since the end of World War II.

The most famous district in Chūō is Ginza, built on the site of a former silver mint from which it takes its name. The gold mint, or Kinza (金座), formerly occupied the site of the present-day Bank of Japan headquarters building, also in Chūō.

As of May 1, 2015, the ward has an estimated resident population of 141,454, and a population density of 13,850 persons per km2. The total area is 10.21 km2. However, because of the concentration of businesses, offices and retail space, the daytime population swells to an estimated 650,000.

Shinbashi (新橋), sometimes transliterated Shimbashi, is a district of Minato, Tokyo, Japan.

Read literally, the characters in Shinbashi mean "new bridge".

The area was the site of a bridge built across the Shiodome River in 1604. The river was later filled in.[1] Shinbashi was the Tokyo terminus of the first railway in Japan in 1872. It remains a major railway hub and has since developed into a commercial center, most recently with the construction of the Shiodome "Shiosite" high-rise office complex.

The Shiodome City Center building in Shiodome includes the corporate headquarters and public and investor relations offices of Fujitsu,[2] the headquarters of All Nippon Airways,[3][4] and the headquarters of ANA subsidiaries Air Nippon and ANA & JP Express.[5][6] In addition ANA subsidiary Air Japan has some offices in Shiodome City Center.[7] In the late 1960s All Nippon Airways had its headquarters in the Hikokan Building in Shinbashi.[8]

Shibuya (渋谷 Shibuya-ku) is a special ward in Tokyo, Japan. A major commercial and business centre, it houses the two busiest railway stations in the world, Shinjuku Station (southern half) and Shibuya Station.

As of May 1, 2016, it has an estimated population of 221,801 and a population density of 14,679.09 people per km2 (38,018.7/sq mi). The total area is 15.11 km2 (5.83 sq mi).

The name "Shibuya" is also used to refer to the shopping district which surrounds Shibuya Station. This area is known as one of the fashion centers of Japan, particularly for young people, and as a major nightlife area.

Shibuya was historically the site of a castle in which the Shibuya family resided from the 11th century through the Edo period. Following the opening of the Yamanote Line in 1885, Shibuya began to emerge as a railway terminal for southwestern Tokyo and eventually as a major commercial and entertainment center.

Minato (港区, Minato-ku) is a special ward in Tokyo, Japan. It is also called Minato City in English.

It was formed in 1947 as a merger of Akasaka, Azabu and Shiba wards following Tokyo City's transformation into Tokyo Metropolis. The modern Minato ward exhibits the contrasting Shitamachi and Yamanote geographical and cultural division. The Shinbashi neighborhood in the ward's northeastern corner is attached to the core of Shitamachi, the original commercial center of Edo-Tokyo. On the other hand, the Azabu and Akasaka areas are typically representative Yamanote districts.[1]

As of 1 July 2015[update], it had an official population of 243,094,[2] and a population density of 10,850 persons per km2. The total area is 20.37 km2.[3]

Minato hosts many embassies. It is also home to various domestic companies, including Honda, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Mitsubishi Motors Corporation, NEC, Sony,[4] Fujitsu,[5] and Toshiba, as well as the Japanese headquarters of a number of multi-national firms, including Google,[6] Apple[7] and Goldman Sachs.[8]



Fukuoka (福岡市, Fukuoka-shi, pronounced [ɸɯ̥kɯokaꜜɕi]) is the capital city of Fukuoka Prefecture, situated on the northern shore of the Japanese island of Kyushu. It is the most populous city on the island, followed by Kitakyushu. It is the largest city and metropolitan area west of Keihanshin. The city was designated on April 1, 1972, by government ordinance. Greater Fukuoka, with a population of 2.5 million people (2005 census), is part of the heavily industrialized Fukuoka–Kitakyushu zone.

As of 2015[update], Fukuoka is Japan's sixth largest city, having passed the population of Kobe.[2] In July 2011, Fukuoka surpassed the population of Kyoto. Since the founding of Kyoto in 794, this marks the first time that a city west of the Kinki region has a larger population than Kyoto. In ancient times, however, the area near Fukuoka, the Chikushi region, was thought by some historians to have possibly been even more influential than the Yamato region.

Exchanges from the continent and the Northern Kyushu area date as far back as Old Stone Age.[3] It has been thought that waves of immigrants arrived in Northern Kyushu from mainland Asia.[4] Several Kofun exist.

Kodaira (小平市, Kodaira-shi) is a city located in the western portion of Tokyo Metropolis, Japan. As of 1 October 2018[update], the city had an estimated population of 194,757, and a population density of 9496 persons per km². Its total area is 20.51 square kilometres (7.92 sq mi).[1]

Kodaira is located in the Musashino Terrace near the geographic centre of Tokyo Metropolis.

The area of present-day Kodaira was part of ancient Musashi Province. In the post-Meiji Restoration cadastral reform of July 22, 1878, the area became part of Kitatama District in Kanagawa Prefecture. The village of Kodaira was created on April 1, 1889 with the establishment of municipalities law. Kitatama District was transferred to the administrative control of Tokyo Metropolis on April 1, 1893. The population of the area expanded after the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake with the relocation of universities and housing areas from central Tokyo. Kodaira was elevated to town status in 1944 and to city status on October 1, 1962.

Kodaira has 19 public and two private elementary schools, eight public and three private middle schools. The Tokyo Metropolitan Government Board of Education operates three public high schools and there are also three private high school. There is also one special education school.

Aoyama (青山) is one of the wealthiest neighborhoods of Tokyo, located in the northwest portion of Minato Ward. The area is well known for its international fashion houses, cafes and restaurants. 

Kita-Aoyama (北青山) or "North Aoyama" refers to the area on the north side of Aoyama-dori (Aoyama Street) between the Akasaka Palace and Aoyama Gakuin University, while Minami-Aoyama (南青山) or "South Aoyama" refers to the area to the south of Aoyama-dori and extends to the northern edge of Roppongi, Azabu and Hiroo. 

During the Edo period, Aoyama was home to various temples, shrines, and samurai residences. The name Aoyama derived from a samurai named Aoyama Tadanari who served the Tokugawa Shogunate and held his mansion in this area. Today, along with Shibuya and Harajuku, it is one of the most popular entertainment and shopping areas "Omotesandō", for young people in Tokyo. It is well known for its fashion houses, restaurants, and shopping. Chichibunomiya Rugby Stadium is in the North part of Aoyama.

Avex Group's headquarters building before its renovation in 2016.

Koishikawa (小石川) is a district of Bunkyo, Tokyo. It consists of five sub-areas, 1-5 chome (1~5丁目). It is located nearby with the same name are two well regarded gardens: the Koishikawa Botanical Garden (related to the University of Tokyo) in Hakusan, and the Koishikawa Korakuen Garden in Korakuen.

Train stations for accessing this locality include Hakusan Station (白山駅, Hakusan-eki), Kōrakuen Station (後楽園駅, Kōrakuen-eki), and Myōgadani Station.

The Koishikawa arsenal was an important military installation during the Meiji era. 

Bunkyo operates the local public elementary and middle schools.

Sapporo (札幌市, Sapporo-shi) is the fifth largest city in Japan, and the largest city on the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido. It is the capital city of Hokkaido Prefecture and Ishikari Subprefecture and an ordinance-designated city. Sapporo lies in the southwestern part of Hokkaido, within the alluvial fan of the Toyohira River, a tributary stream of the Ishikari River. It is considered the cultural, economical, and political center of Hokkaido.  

As with most of Hokkaido, the area of Sapporo was home to settlements of the indigenous Ainu people. From the late 19th century onwards, Sapporo was increasingly settled by Japanese migrants in the late 19th century. Sapporo hosted the 1972 Winter Olympics, the first Winter Olympics ever held in Asia, and the second Olympic games held in Japan after the 1964 Summer Olympics. The Sapporo Dome hosted three games during the 2002 FIFA World Cup and two games during the 2019 Rugby World Cup.

The annual Sapporo Snow Festival draws more than 2 million tourists from abroad.[2] Other notable sites include the Sapporo Beer Museum, the only beer museum in Japan[3], and the Sapporo TV Tower, located in Odori Park. It is home to Hokkaido University, just north of Sapporo Station. The city is served by Okadama Airport, and New Chitose Airport in nearby Chitose. 

Sapporo's name was taken from Ainuic "sat poro pet" (サッ・ポロ・ペッ), which can be translated as the "dry, great river", a reference to the Toyohira River.[4]

Kyoto (/ˈkjoʊtoʊ/;[4] Japanese: 京都, Kyōto [kʲoꜜːto] (listen)), officially Kyoto City (京都市, Kyōto-shi, [kʲoːtoꜜɕi] (listen)), is the capital city of Kyoto Prefecture in Japan. Located in the Kansai region on the island of Honshu, Kyoto forms a part of the Keihanshin metropolitan area along with Osaka and Kobe. As of 2018, the city had a population of 1.47 million.

In 794, Kyoto (then known as Heian-kyō) was chosen as the new seat of Japan's imperial court. The original city was arranged in accordance with traditional Chinese feng shui following the model of the ancient Chinese capital of Chang'an. The Imperial Palace faced south, resulting in Ukyō (the right sector of the capital) being on the west while Sakyō (the left sector) is on the east. The streets in the modern-day wards of Nakagyō, Shimogyō, and Kamigyō-ku still follow a grid pattern. 

The emperors of Japan ruled from Kyoto in the following eleven centuries until 1869, when the court relocated to Tokyo. The city was devastated during the Ōnin War in the 15th century and went into an extended period of decline, but gradually revived under the Tokugawa shogunate (1600–1868) and flourished as a major city in Japan. The modern municipality of Kyoto was established in 1889. The city was spared from large-scale destruction during World War II and as a result, its prewar cultural heritage has mostly been preserved.

Kyoto is considered the cultural capital of Japan and a major tourist destination. It is home to numerous Buddhist temples, Shinto shrines, palaces and gardens, many of which are listed collectively by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. Prominent landmarks include the Kyoto Imperial Palace, Kiyomizu-dera, Kinkaku-ji, Ginkaku-ji and the Katsura Imperial Villa. Kyoto is also a center of higher learning, with Kyoto University being an institution of international renown.





Tokyo (/ˈtoʊkioʊ, -kjoʊ/; Japanese: 東京, Tōkyō [toːkʲoː] (listen)), officially Tokyo Metropolis (東京都, Tōkyō-to), is the capital and most populous prefecture of Japan. Located at the head of Tokyo Bay, the prefecture forms part of the Kantō region on the central Pacific coast of Japan's main island, Honshu. Tokyo is the political and economic center of the country, as well as the seat of the Emperor of Japan and the national government. The Greater Tokyo Area is the largest urban economy and the most populous metropolitan area in the world, with more than 37.4 million residents as of 2018.[5]

Originally a fishing village named Edo, the city became a prominent political center in 1603, when it became the seat of the Tokugawa shogunate. By the mid-18th century, Edo was one of the most populous cities in the world, with a population numbering more than one million. Following the end of the shogunate in 1868, the imperial capital in Kyoto was moved to the city, which was renamed Tokyo (literally "eastern capital"). Tokyo was devastated by the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, and again by Allied bombing raids during World War II. Beginning in the 1950s, the city underwent rapid reconstruction and expansion, going on to lead Japan's post-war economic recovery. Since 1943, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government has administered the prefecture's 23 special wards (formerly Tokyo City), various bed towns in the western area, and two outlying island chains.





Delhi (English: /ˈdɛli/; Hindi: [ˈdɪlːi] Dillī; Punjabi: [ˈdɪlːi] Dillī; Urdu: [ˈdeɦli] Dēhlī), officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi (NCT), is a city and a union territory of India containing New Delhi, the capital of India.[16][17]
It is bordered by the state of Haryana on three sides and by Uttar Pradesh to the east. The NCT covers an area of 1,484 square kilometres (573 sq mi). According to the 2011 census, Delhi's city proper population was over 11 million,[7] the second-highest in India after Mumbai,[18] while the whole NCT's population was about 16.8 million.[8] Delhi's urban area is now considered to extend beyond the NCT boundaries, and include the neighbouring satellite cities of Ghaziabad, Faridabad, Gurgaon and Noida in an area now called National Capital Region (NCR) and had an estimated 2016 population of over 26 million people, making it the world's second-largest urban area according to the United Nations.[9]
As of 2016[update], recent estimates of the metro economy of its urban area have ranked Delhi either the most or second-most productive metro area of India.[19][20][21][12] Delhi is the second-wealthiest city in India after Mumbai and is home to 18 billionaires and 23,000 millionaires.[22] Delhi ranks fifth among the Indian states and union territories in human development index.[14] Delhi has the second-highest GDP per capita in India.[11] It is one of the world's most polluted cities by particulate matter concentration.

Delhi has been continuously inhabited since the 6th century BCE.[23] Through most of its history, Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires, most notably the Delhi Sultanate and the Mughal Empire. The city has been captured, ransacked and rebuilt several times, particularly during the medieval period, and modern Delhi is a cluster of a number of cities spread across the metropolitan region.



Agra (/ˈɑːɡrə/ (listen)) is a city on the banks of the Yamuna river in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.[9] It is 206 kilometres (128 mi) south of the national capital New Delhi. Agra is the fourth-most populous city in Uttar Pradesh and 24th in India.[10]

It has been speculated that in Mahabharata the city Agra is referred to as Agravana which translates as “front of the forest”.[11] It is mentioned that the Shurasena dynasty of Lord Krishna maintained an outpost at Agravana.[11] Greek geographer Ptolemy referred to Agra by its modern name in his Geographia and placed it in his world map in 2nd century AD.[11] The 11th-century Persian poet Mas'ūd Sa'd Salmān writes of an assault on the fortress of Agra, then held by King Jaypal, by Mahmud of Ghazni. Despite his surrender, Mahmud sacked the place.[12] It was mentioned in 1080 AD when a Ghaznavide force captured it. A 17th century chronicle called the Agra before Sikandar Lodī's time (1488–1517) as an old settlement which was merely a village, owing to its destruction by Mahmud of Ghazni.[13] Sikandar was the first sultan to move his capital from Delhi to Agra in 1504, its administration having previously been under Bayana.[14][15] He governed the country from here and Agra assumed the importance of the second capital. He died in 1517 and his son, Ibrāhīm Lodī, remained in power there for nine more years. Several palaces, wells, and a mosque were built by him in the fort during his period. He was finally defeated at the Battle of Panipat in 1526.[16] Between 1540 and 1556, Afghans, beginning with Sher Shah Suri, ruled the area. It was the capital of the Mughal Empire from 1556 to 1648. The city was later taken by the Marathas and later still fell to the British Raj.

Agra is a major tourist destination because of its many Mughal-era buildings, most notably the Taj Mahal, Agra Fort and Fatehpur Sikri, all of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites.[9] Agra is included on the Golden Triangle tourist circuit, along with Delhi and Jaipur; and the Uttar Pradesh Heritage Arc, a tourist circuit of Uttar Pradesh, along with Lucknow and Varanasi. Agra is in the Braj cultural region.





New Delhi (/ˈdɛli/ (listen),[4][5] Hindi: [ˈnəi ˈdɪlːi] Naī Dillī) is an urban district located in the city of Delhi. New Delhi serves as the capital of India and the seat of all three branches of the Government of India.

The foundation stone of New Delhi was laid by Emperor George V during the Delhi Durbar of 1911.[6] It was designed by British architects Sir Edwin Lutyens and Sir Herbert Baker. The new capital was inaugurated on 13 February 1931,[7] by Viceroy and Governor-General of India Lord Irwin.



Old Delhi or Purani Dilli is an area part of the greater city of Delhi, India. It was founded as a walled city named Shahjahanabad in 1639, when Shah Jahan (the Mughal emperor at the time) decided to shift the Mughal capital from Agra.[1] The construction of the city was completed in 1648, and it remained the capital of the Mughal Empire until its fall in 1857,[1][2][3] when the British Raj took over as paramount power in India.
It was once filled with mansions of nobles and members of the royal court, along with elegant mosques and gardens. Today, despite having become extremely crowded and inundated, it still serves as the symbolic heart of metropolitan Delhi. Only a few havelis are left and maintained. Old Delhi was once known for its Islamic architecture, Jama Masjid is one of the examples, standing tall in the midst of city. Old Delhi is also known for its street food and shopping locations.

Upon the 2012 trifurcation of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi, Old Delhi became administered by the North Delhi Municipal Corporation.[4][5]

The site of Shahjahanabad is north of earlier settlements of Delhi. Its southern part overlaps some of the area that was settled by the Tughlaqs in the 14th century when it was the seat of Delhi Sultanate. The sultanates ruled from Delhi between 1206[6] and 1526, when the last was replaced by the Mughal dynasty.[7]  The five dynasties were the Mamluk dynasty (1206–90), the Khalji dynasty (1290–1320), the Tughlaq dynasty (1320–1414), the Sayyid dynasty (1414–51),  Lodi dynasty (1451–1526) and the Suri dynasty (1540-1556)



The Chandni Chowk (Moonlight Square) is one of the oldest and busiest markets in Old Delhi, India. It is located close to Old Delhi Railway Station. The Red Fort monument is located at the eastern end of Chandni Chowk.   It was built in the 17th century by Mughal Emperor of India Shah Jahan and designed by his daughter Jahanara. The market was once divided by canals (now closed) to reflect moonlight and remains one of India's largest wholesale markets.[1][2]

The market's history dates to the founding of the capital city of Shahjahanabad when Emperor Shah Jahan established the Red Fort on the banks of the Yamuna River besides his new capital.

The original Chandni Chowk, half-moon-shaped square, itself was located in front of Municipal Townhall and its reflection use to shine in the moonlit water pool located in front of it. A shallow water channel was built from Yamuna, which ran through the middle of the straight road currently known as the Chandani Chowk Bazaar, with roads and shops on either side of the channel. This road had three Bazaars.[3] Chandni Chowk, or the Moonlight Square, and its three Bazaar were designed and established by Princess Jahanara Begum, Shah Jahan’s favourite daughter, in 1650 CE. Originally containing 1,560 shops, the bazaar was 40 yards wide by 1,520 yards long.[4] The bazaar shaped as a square was given elegance by the presence of a pool in the centre of the complex. The pool shimmered in the moonlight, a feature which was responsible for its name.[5] Shops were originally built in a half-moon shaped pattern, now lost. The bazaar was famous for its silver merchants, which also have contributed to the name of "Silver Street"[6] as silver is referred to as Chandi in Hindi, a slight variation of which forms Chandni.



Patiala is a city in southeastern Punjab, northwestern India. It is the fourth largest city in the state and is the administrative capital of Patiala district. Patiala is located around the Qila Mubarak (the 'Fortunate Castle') constructed by the Sidhu Jat chieftain Ala Singh, who founded the royal dynasty of Patiala State in 1763, and after whom the city is named.

In popular culture, the city remains famous for its traditional Patiala shahi turban (a type of headgear), paranda (a tasselled tag for braiding hair), Patiala salwar (a type of female trousers), jutti (a type of footwear) and Patiala peg (a measure of liquor).[4]

'Patiala' comes from the roots pati and ala, the former is Urdu for a "strip of land" and 'ala' comes from the name of the founder of the city, Ala Singh. So, 'Patiala' can be translated into English to mean ‘the land of Ala’.[5]



Noida, short for the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority, is a planned city[4] under the management of the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (also called NOIDA). It is a satellite city of Delhi and is part of the National Capital Region of India. As per provisional reports of Census of India, the population of Noida in 2011 was 642,381.[5] Noida is located in Gautam Buddh Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh state in close proximity to NCT of Delhi. The district's administrative headquarters are in the nearby city of Greater Noida.

The city is a part of the Noida (Vidhan Sabha) constituency and Gautam Buddha Nagar (Lok Sabha) constituency. Minister of State for Culture and Tourism Mahesh Sharma is the present Lok Sabha MP of Gautam Buddha Nagar, while Pankaj Singh is the present MLA of Noida.[6][7]

Noida was ranked as the Best City in Uttar Pradesh and the Best City in Housing in all of India in "Best City Awards" conducted by ABP News in 2015.[8][9] Noida replaced Mumbai as the second-best realty destination, according to an analyst report.[10] Roads in Noida are lined by trees and it is considered to be India's greenest city with nearly 50% green cover, the highest of any city in India.[11][12]It's GDP is estimated to be around $25 Billion as of 2019.



Bhopal (/boʊˈpɑːl/; Hindustani pronunciation: [bʱoːpaːl] (listen)) is the capital city of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh and the administrative headquarters of both Bhopal district and Bhopal division. '[3] for its various natural and artificial lakes and is also one of the greenest cities in India.[4] It is the 16th largest city in India and 131st[5] in the world.

Founded in 1707, the city was the capital of the former Bhopal State, a princely state of the British ruled by the Nawabs of Bhopal. Numerous heritage structures from this period include the Taj-ul-Masajid and Taj Mahal palace. In 1984, the city was struck by the Bhopal disaster, one of the worst industrial disasters in history.

A Y-class city,[6] Bhopal houses various educational and research institutions and installations of national importance, including ISRO's Master Control Facility,[7] BHEL, and AMPRI. Bhopal is home to the largest number of institutes of National Importance in India, namely IISER, MANIT, SPA, AIIMS, NLIU, IIFM and IIIT (currently functioning from a temporary campus inside MANIT) .



Jaipur (/ˈdʒaɪpʊər/ (listen))[6][7][8] is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Rajasthan. As of 2011, the city had a population of 3.1 million, making it the tenth most populous city in the country. Jaipur is also known as the Pink City, due to the dominant color scheme of its buildings.[9] It is located 268 km (167 miles) from the national capital New Delhi.

Jaipur was founded in 1727 by the Rajput ruler Jai Singh II,[10] the ruler of Amer, after whom the city is named. It was one of the earliest planned cities of modern India, designed by Vidyadhar Bhattacharya.[11] During the British Colonial period, the city served as the capital of Jaipur State. After independence in 1947, Jaipur was made capital of the newly-formed state of Rajasthan.

Jaipur is a popular tourist destination in India and forms a part of the west Golden Triangle tourist circuit along with Delhi and Agra (240 km, 149 mi).[12] It also serves as a gateway to other tourist destinations in Rajasthan such as Jodhpur (348 km, 216 mi), Jaisalmer (571 km, 355 mi), Udaipur (421 km, 262 mi), Kota (252 km, 156 mi) 
and Mount Abu
(520 km, 323 mi). Jaipur is located 616 km from Shimla.



Kanpur (/ˈkɑːnpʊər/ pronunciation (help·info)), is a metropolis in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. The greater metropolis is divided into two districts: the urban district of Kanpur Nagar and the rural district of Kanpur Dehat. With the city being situated in the urban district, along with some other townships; while the rural settlements making up the rural district. The word Kanpur itself always refers and applies to the city in the urban district, while Kanpur Nagar, Kanpur, and Kanpur City can be and are used interchangably. Though, historical usage may extend to the city's outer limits which now form the rural district. It is because of its history that both the separate districts are considered part of the single metropolis.

The city is famous for its leather and textile industries. It is the 12th most populous city and the 11th most populous urban agglomeration in India. It is also the second largest city proper and the largest urban agglomeration in Uttar Pradesh. Kanpur was an important British garrison town until 1947, when India gained independence. Kanpur Nagar serves as the headquarters of the Kanpur Division, Kanpur Range and Kanpur Zone.

On the west bank of the river Ganga, it is a major trade and commercial centre in North India, with the first woolen mill of India, commonly known as the Lal Imli (literally meaning "Red Tamarind", for a brand produced by the mill) by the British India Corporation established here in 1876 by Alexander MacRobert. The eastern and northern facades of the mill are reminiscent of the Palace of Westminster, due to their architecture, proximity to the Ganga river and with the north-east corner of the mill being topped by a clock tower similar to that of the iconic Big Ben in London. This similarity cements the city's importance and prestige during the British times, which extends till date; making the Lal Imli — a great highlight of the city. The city is also widely regarded as the "Leather City of the World" and is predominantly nicknamed as the "Manchester of the East", with some versions going as: the "Manchester of India" — a title shared with other British industrial hubs of their time: cities like Ahmedabad and Surat.



Mumbai (English: /mʊmˈbaɪ/, Marathi: [ˈmumbəi]; also known as Bombay /bɒmˈbeɪ/, the official name until 1995) is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra. According to United Nations, as of 2018, Mumbai was the second most populous city in India after Delhi and the seventh most populous city in the world with a population of 19.98 million.[18] As per Indian government population census of 2011, Mumbai was the most populous city in India with an estimated city proper population of 12.5 million living under Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai.[19] Mumbai is the centre of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, the sixth most populous metropolitan area in the world with a population of over 23.64 million.[20] Mumbai lies on the Konkan coast on the west coast of India and has a deep natural harbour. In 2008, Mumbai was named an alpha world city.[21][22] It has the highest number of millionaires and billionaires among all cities in India.[23][24]  Mumbai is home to three UNESCO World Heritage Sites: the Elephanta Caves, Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus, and the city's distinctive ensemble of Victorian and Art Deco buildings.[25][26]

The seven islands that constitute Mumbai were originally home to communities of Marathi language speaking Koli people, who originated in Gujarat in prehistoric times.[27][28][29] For centuries, the islands were under the control of successive indigenous empires before being ceded to the Portuguese Empire and subsequently to the East India Company when in 1661 Charles II of England married Catherine of Braganza and as part of her dowry Charles received the ports of Tangier and Seven Islands of Bombay.[30] During the mid-18th century, Bombay was reshaped by the Hornby Vellard project,[31] which undertook reclamation of the area between the seven islands from the sea.[32] Along with construction of major roads and railways, the reclamation project, completed in 1845, transformed Bombay into a major seaport on the Arabian Sea. Bombay in the 19th century was characterised by economic and educational development. During the early 20th century it became a strong base for the Indian independence movement. Upon India's independence in 1947 the city was incorporated into Bombay State. In 1960, following the Samyukta Maharashtra Movement, a new state of Maharashtra was created with Bombay as the capital.[33]

Mumbai is the financial, commercial[34] and entertainment capital of India. It is also one of the world's top ten centres of commerce in terms of global financial flow,[35] generating 6.16% of India's GDP[36] and accounting for 25% of industrial output, 70% of maritime trade in India (Mumbai Port Trust and JNPT),[37] and 70% of capital transactions to India's economy.[38][39] Mumbai's billionaires had the highest average wealth of any city in the world in 2008.[40][41] The city houses important financial institutions and the corporate headquarters of numerous Indian companies and multinational corporations. It is also home to some of India's premier scientific and nuclear institutes. The city also houses India's Hindi (Bollywood) and Marathi cinema industries. Mumbai's business opportunities attract migrants from all over India.



Haryana (Hindi pronunciation: [ɦərɪˈjaːɳaː]) is one of the 28 states in India, located in the northern part of the country. It was carved out of the former state of East Punjab on 1 November 1966 on a linguistic basis. It is ranked 22nd in terms of area, with less than 1.4% (44,212 km2 or 17,070 sq mi) of India's land area.[7][1] Chandigarh is the state capital, Faridabad in National Capital Region is the most populous city of the state, and Gurugram is a leading financial hub of the NCR, with major Fortune 500 companies located in it.[8] Haryana has 6 administrative divisions, 22 districts, 72 sub-divisions, 93 revenue tehsils, 50 sub-tehsils, 140 community development blocks, 154 cities and towns, 6,848 villages, and 6222 villages panchayats.[9][7]

As the largest recipient of investment per capita since 2000 in India,[10][needs update] and one of the wealthiest and most economically developed regions in South Asia,[11][needs update] Haryana has the fifth highest per capita income among Indian states and territories, more than double the national average for year 2018–19.[4][12][13] Haryana's state GSDP is 12th largest in India and grew at 12.96% between 2012 and 2017.[14] There are by 30 special economic zones (SEZs), mainly located within the industrial corridor projects connecting the National Capital Region (NCR).[7][7][15] Faridabad has been described as eighth fastest growing city in the world and third most in India.[16] In services, Gurugram ranks number 1 in India in IT growth rate and existing technology infrastructure, and number 2 in startup ecosystem, innovation and livability.[17][needs update] Haryana is the 7th highest among Indian states by human development index ranking.[5]

Among the world's oldest and largest ancient civilisations, the Indus Valley Civilization sites at Rakhigarhi village in Hisar district and Bhirrana in Fatehabad district are 9,000 years old.[18] Rich in history, monuments, heritage, flora and fauna, human resources and tourism with well developed economy, national highways and state roads, it is bordered by Himachal Pradesh to the north-east, by river Yamuna along its eastern border with Uttar Pradesh, by Rajasthan to the west and south, and Ghaggar-Hakra River flows along its northern border with Punjab. Since Haryana surrounds the country's capital Delhi on three sides (north, west and south), consequently a large area of Haryana is included in the economically-important National Capital Region for the purposes of planning and development.



Shimla (English:  /ˈʃɪmlə/; Hindi: [ˈʃɪmlaː] (listen)), also known as Simla, is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. In 1864, Shimla was declared as the summer capital of British India, succeeding Murree, northeast of Rawalpindi. After independence, the city became the capital of Punjab and was later made the capital of Himachal Pradesh. It is the principal commercial, cultural and educational centre of the state.[8]

Small hamlets were recorded prior to 1815 when British forces took control of the area. The climatic conditions attracted the British to establish the city in the dense forests of Himalayas. As the summer capital, Shimla hosted many important political meetings including the Simla Accord of 1914 and the Simla Conference of 1945. After independence, The state of Himachal Pradesh came into being in 1948 as a result of integration of 28 princely states. Even after independence, the city remained an important political centre, hosting the Simla Agreement of 1972. After reorganisation of state of Himachal Pradesh, the existing Mahasu district was named Shimla.

Shimla is home to a number of buildings that are styled in the Tudorbethan and neo-Gothic architectures dating from the colonial era, as well as multiple temples and churches. The colonial architecture and churches, the temples and the natural environment of the city attracts tourists. Attractions include the Viceregal Lodge, the Christ Church, the Jakhoo Temple, the Mall Road, the Ridge and Annadale which together form the city centre. The Kalka–Shimla Railway line built by the British, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is also a major tourist attraction. Owing to its steep terrain, Shimla hosts the mountain biking race MTB Himalaya, which started in 2005 and is regarded as the biggest event of its kind in South Asia. Shimla also has the largest natural ice skating rink in South Asia. Apart from being a tourism centre, the city is also an educational hub with a number of colleges and research institutions.



Mehrauli is a neighbourhood in the South district of Delhi in India. It represents a constituency in the legislative assembly of Delhi. The area is located close to Gurgaon and next to Vasant Kunj. Naresh Yadav of Aam Aadmi Party is the current MLA from Mehrauli.[1]

Mehrauli is one of the seven ancient cities that make up the present state of Delhi. Mehrauli is derived from a Sanskrit word Mihira-awali. It signifies the township where the well-known astronomer Varaha-Mihira of Vikramaditya’s court lived along with his helpers, mathematicians, and technicians.

The Lal Kot fort was constructed by the[2]Tanwar chief Anangpal I around 731 AD and expanded by AnangPal II in the 11th century, who shifted his capital to Lal Kot from Kannaujs The Tanwars were defeated by the Chauhans in the 12th century. Prithviraj Chauhan further expanded the fort and called it Qila Rai Pithora. He was defeated and killed in 1192 by Mohammed Ghori, who put his general Qutb-ud-din Aybak in charge and returned to Afghanistan. Subsequently in 1206, after the death of Mohammed Ghori, Qutubuddin enthroned himself as the first Sultan of Delhi. Thus Delhi became the capital of the Mamluk dynasty of Delhi (Slave dynasty), the first dynasty of Muslim sultans to rule over northern India.[3] Mehrauli remained the capital of the Mamluk dynasty which ruled until 1290. During the Khalji dynasty, the capital shifted to Siri.[3]



Chandigarh (local pronunciation: [tʃə̃ˈɖiːɡəɽʱ] (listen)) is a city, district and union territory in India that serves as the capital of the two neighboring states of Punjab and Haryana. The city is unique as it is not a part of either of the two states but is governed directly by the Union Government, which administers all such territories in the country.

Chandigarh is bordered by the state of Punjab to the north, the west and the south, and by the state of Haryana to the east. It is considered to be a part of the Chandigarh Capital Region or Greater Chandigarh, which includes Chandigarh, and the city of Panchkula (in Haryana) and cities of Kharar, Kurali, Mohali, Zirakpur (in Punjab). It is also known as a Tricity which includes Chandigarh, Panchkula, and Mohali. It is located 260 km (162 miles) north of New Delhi and 229 km (143 miles) southeast of Amritsar.

It was one of the early planned cities in post-independence India and is internationally known for its architecture and urban design.[8] The master plan of the city was prepared by Swiss-French architect Le Corbusier, which transformed from earlier plans created by the Polish architect Maciej Nowicki and the American planner Albert Mayer. Most of the government buildings and housing in the city were designed by the Chandigarh Capital Project Team headed by Le Corbusier, Jane Drew and Maxwell Fry. In 2015, an article published by BBC named Chandigarh as one of the few master-planned cities in the world to have succeeded in terms of combining monumental architecture, cultural growth, and modernization.[9]



South Delhi Lok Sabha constituency (Hindi: दक्षिण दिल्ली लोकसभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is one of the seven Lok Sabha constituencies in the Indian National Capital Territory of Delhi. This constituency came into existence in 1966.

The seat was a stronghold of the Bharatiya Janata Party for many years but in 2009, after delimitation, INC won this seat.[1] As of 2014, Ramesh Bidhuri of the BJP is the MP representing the constituency.[2]

From 1966 to 1993, South Delhi Lok Sabha constituency comprised the following Delhi Metropolitan Council segments:





Hyderabad (/ˈhaɪdərəbɑːd/ (listen) HY-dər-ə-baad) is the capital and largest city of the Indian state of Telangana and de jure capital of Andhra Pradesh.[A] Occupying 625 square kilometres (241 sq mi) along the banks of the Musi River, located on the Deccan Plateau in the northern part of South India. At an average altitude of 542 metres (1,778 ft), much of Hyderabad is situated on hilly terrain around artificial lakes, including Hussain Sagar lake—predating the city's founding—north of the city centre. Hyderabad City has a population of about 6.9 million, with about 9.7 million in Hyderabad Metropolitan Region, making it the fourth-most populous city and sixth-most populous urban agglomeration in India. With an output of US$74 billion, Hyderabad is the fifth-largest contributor to India's overall gross domestic product.

In 1591 Qutb Shahi ruler Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah established Hyderabad to extend the capital beyond the fortified Golconda. In 1687 the city was annexed by the Mughals. In 1724 Mughal governor Nizam Asaf Jah I declared his sovereignty and founded the Asaf Jahi dynasty, also known as the Nizams. Hyderabad served as the imperial capital of the Asaf Jahi from 1769 to 1948. As capital of the princely state of Hyderabad, the city housed the British Residency and cantonment until Indian independence in 1947. Hyderabad was invaded and integrated into the Indian Union in 1948 and continued as a capital of Hyderabad State (1948–56), and when the States Reorganisation Act of 1956 was introduced Hyderabad was made the capital of the united Andhra Pradesh. In 2014 Telangana state was formed after the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh. Hyderabad City became a joint capital of the two states, a transitional arrangement scheduled to end in 2024. Since 1956, the city has housed the winter office of the President of India.





Delhi (English: /ˈdɛli/; Hindi: [ˈdɪlːi] Dillī; Punjabi: [ˈdɪlːi] Dillī; Urdu: [ˈdeɦli] Dēhlī), officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi (NCT), is a city and a union territory of India containing New Delhi, the capital of India.[16][17]
It is bordered by the state of Haryana on three sides and by Uttar Pradesh to the east. The NCT covers an area of 1,484 square kilometres (573 sq mi). According to the 2011 census, Delhi's city proper population was over 11 million,[7] the second-highest in India after Mumbai,[18] while the whole NCT's population was about 16.8 million.[8] Delhi's urban area is now considered to extend beyond the NCT boundaries, and include the neighbouring satellite cities of Ghaziabad, Faridabad, Gurgaon and Noida in an area now called National Capital Region (NCR) and had an estimated 2016 population of over 26 million people, making it the world's second-largest urban area according to the United Nations.[9]
As of 2016[update], recent estimates of the metro economy of its urban area have ranked Delhi either the most or second-most productive metro area of India.[19][20][21][12] Delhi is the second-wealthiest city in India after Mumbai and is home to 18 billionaires and 23,000 millionaires.[22] Delhi ranks fifth among the Indian states and union territories in human development index.[14] Delhi has the second-highest GDP per capita in India.[11] It is one of the world's most polluted cities by particulate matter concentration.

Delhi has been continuously inhabited since the 6th century BCE.[23] Through most of its history, Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires, most notably the Delhi Sultanate and the Mughal Empire. The city has been captured, ransacked and rebuilt several times, particularly during the medieval period, and modern Delhi is a cluster of a number of cities spread across the metropolitan region.





Mexico City (Spanish: Ciudad de México, locally [sjuˈða(ð) ðe ˈmexiko] (listen);[12] abbreviated as CDMX; Nahuatl languages: Āltepētl Mēxihco), is the capital and largest city of Mexico and the most populous city in North America.[13][14] Mexico City is one of the most important cultural and financial centres in the world.[15] It is located in the Valley of Mexico (Valle de México), a large valley in the high plateaus in the center of Mexico, at an altitude of 2,240 meters (7,350 ft). The city has 16 subdivisions, formerly known as boroughs.

The 2009 population for the city proper was approximately 8.84 million people,[16] with a land area of 1,485 square kilometers (573 sq mi).[17] According to the most recent definition agreed upon by the federal and state governments, the population of Greater Mexico City is 21.3 million, which makes it the second largest metropolitan area of the Western Hemisphere, the eleventh-largest agglomeration (2017), and the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world.[18]

Guadalajara (/ˌɡwɑːdələˈhɑːrə/,[5] Spanish: [ɡwaðalaˈxaɾa] (listen)) is a metropolis in western Mexico and the capital of the state of Jalisco. The city has a population of 1,460,148,[1] while the Guadalajara metropolitan area has a population of 5,002,466,[1] making it the second-largest metropolitan area in the country.[6][7][8] Guadalajara has the second highest population density in Mexico, with over 10,361 people per square kilometre.[9] Guadalajara is an international center of business, finance, arts, and culture, as well as the economic center of the Bajío region, one of the most productive and developed regions in Latin America.[10][11]

Guadalajara is the tenth largest metropolitan area in Latin America[12] and a major Latin American tech hub and financial center.[13] It is one of the most productive and globally competitive cities in the world.[14] The city is an important center for science, technology, finance, culture, innovation, education, business, and tourism in Mexico. It is home to numerous landmarks, including Guadalajara Cathedral, the Teatro Degollado, the Templo Expiatorio, the Hospicio Cabañas, and the San Juan de Dios Market—the largest indoor market in Latin America.[15]

Guadalajara was founded on 14 February 1542 by Cristóbal de Oñate, a Basque conquistador, as the capital of the Kingdom of Nueva Galicia, part of the Viceroyalty of New Spain. After 1572, the Royal Audiencia of Guadalajara, previously subordinate to Mexico City, became the only authority in New Spain with autonomy over Nueva Galicia, owing to rapidly growing wealth in the kingdom following the discovery of silver. By the 18th century, Guadalajara had taken its place as Mexico's second largest city, following mass colonial migrations in the 1720s and 1760s. During the Mexican War of Independence, independence leader Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla established Mexico's first revolutionary government in Guadalajara in 1810. The city flourished during the Porfiriato, with the advent of the industrial revolution, but its growth was hampered significantly during the Mexican Revolution. In 1929, the Cristero War ended within the confines of the city, when President Plutarco Elías Calles proclaimed the Grito de Guadalajara. The city saw continuous growth throughout the rest of the 20th century, attaining a 1 million metro population in the 1960s and passing 3 million in the 1990s.

Guadalajara is a global city and one of Mexico's most important cultural centers. It is home to numerous mainstays of Mexican culture, including Mariachi, Tequila, and Birria and hosts numerous notable events, including the Guadalajara International Film Festival, the most important film festival in Latin America, and the Guadalajara International Book Fair, the largest book fair in the Americas. The city was the American Capital of Culture in 2005 and has hosted numerous global events, including the 1970 FIFA World Cup, the 1986 FIFA World Cup, the 1st Ibero-American Summit in 1991, and the 2011 Pan American Games. The city is home to numerous universities and research institutions, including the University of Guadalajara and the Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara, two of the highest-ranked universities in Mexico and Latin America.[16][17]



Monterrey (/ˌmɒntəˈreɪ/;[5] Spanish pronunciation: [monteˈrej] (listen))[5] is the capital and largest city of the northeastern state of Nuevo León, Mexico.[4] The city is anchor to the Monterrey metropolitan area, the second most productive in Mexico with a GDP (PPP) of US$123 billion, and the third largest with an estimated population of 4,689,601 people as of 2015. Monterrey is also considered one of the cities with the best quality of life in the country, actually It has in its metropolitan area San Pedro Garza García which is the area with the best quality of life in Mexico. [6] and serves as a commercial center of northern Mexico and is the base of many significant international corporations. Its purchasing power parity-adjusted GDP per capita is considerably higher than the rest of Mexico's at around US$35,500, compared to the country's US$18,800.[7] It is considered a Beta World City,[8][9] cosmopolitan and competitive.[10] Rich in history and culture, it is one of the most developed cities in Mexico.[11]
It is also considered to be the most “Americanized” city in the country. 

As an important industrial and business center, the city is also home to many Mexican companies, including Grupo Avante, Lanix Electronics, Ocresa, CEMEX, Vitro, OXXO, FEMSA, DINA S.A., Gamesa, Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery, and Grupo ALFA.[12][13] Monterrey is also home to international companies such as Cognizant, Siemens, Accenture, MSCI, Ternium, Sony, Toshiba, Carrier, Whirlpool, Samsung, Toyota, Babcock & Wilcox, Daewoo, British American Tobacco, Nokia, Dell, Boeing, HTC, General Electric, Johnson Controls, LG, SAS Institute, Grundfos, Danfoss, Qualfon and Teleperformance, among others.[14][15][16]

Monterrey is in northeastern Mexico, at the foothills of the Sierra Madre Oriental. The uninterrupted settlement of Monterrey was founded by Diego de Montemayor in 1596. In the years after the Mexican War of Independence, Monterrey became an important business center. With the establishment of Fundidora Monterrey, the city has experienced great industrial growth.





Mexico City (Spanish: Ciudad de México, locally [sjuˈða(ð) ðe ˈmexiko] (listen);[12] abbreviated as CDMX; Nahuatl languages: Āltepētl Mēxihco), is the capital and largest city of Mexico and the most populous city in North America.[13][14] Mexico City is one of the most important cultural and financial centres in the world.[15] It is located in the Valley of Mexico (Valle de México), a large valley in the high plateaus in the center of Mexico, at an altitude of 2,240 meters (7,350 ft). The city has 16 subdivisions, formerly known as boroughs.

The 2009 population for the city proper was approximately 8.84 million people,[16] with a land area of 1,485 square kilometers (573 sq mi).[17] According to the most recent definition agreed upon by the federal and state governments, the population of Greater Mexico City is 21.3 million, which makes it the second largest metropolitan area of the Western Hemisphere, the eleventh-largest agglomeration (2017), and the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world.[18]

Cuernavaca (Spanish pronunciation: [kweɾnaˈβaka] (listen); Classical Nahuatl: Cuauhnāhuac [kʷawˈnaːwak] "near the woods", modern Nahuatl pronunciation (help·info)) is the capital and largest city of the state of Morelos in Mexico. The city is located around a 90 min drive south of Mexico City using the Federal Highway 95D.[2]

The name "Cuernavaca" is derived from the Nahuatl phrase "Cuauhnāhuac" and means "surrounded by or close to trees". The name was Hispanicized to Cuernavaca; Hernán Cortés called it Coadnabaced in his letters to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, and Bernal Díaz del Castillo used the name Cuautlavaca in his chronicles.[3] The coat-of-arms of the municipality is based on the pre-Columbian pictograph emblem of the city which depicts a tree trunk (cuahuitl) with three branches, with foliage, and four roots colored red. There is a cut in the trunk in the form of a mouth, from which emerges a speech scroll, probably representing the language Nahuatl and by extension the locative suffix "-nāhuac", meaning "near".[4]

Cuernavaca has long been a favorite escape for Mexico City and foreign visitors because of its warm, stable climate and abundant vegetation. The municipality was designated a Forest Protection Zone by President Lazaro Cardenas in 1937 to protect the aquifers, the vegetation and the quality of life of residents both in Mexico City and locally.[5] The city was nicknamed the "City of Eternal Spring" by Alexander von Humboldt in the 19th century.[6]
Aztec emperors had summer residences there, and considering its location of just a 1½-hour drive from Mexico City, today many Mexico City residents maintain homes there.[7] Cuernavaca is also host to a large foreign resident population, including large numbers of students who come to study the Spanish language.[8]

Cuernavaca was nicknamed "City of Eternal Spring" by Alexander von Humboldt in the 19th century.[9] The city is located in a tropical region, but its temperature is fairly constant at 21–26 °C (70–79 °F). It is located on the southern slope of the Sierra de Chichinautzin mountains. In the morning, warm air flows up the mountains from the valley below and in the late afternoon, cooler air flows down from the higher elevations. One ubiquitous flowering plant in the city is the bougainvillea.[10]

Benito Juárez (pronounced [beˈnito ˈxwaɾes] (listen)), is one of the 16 alcaldías (boroughs), formerly delegaciones, into which Mexico City is divided. It is a largely residential area, located to the south of historic center of Mexico City, although there are pressures for areas to convert to commercial use. It was named after Benito Juárez, president in the 19th century. The borough has the highest socioeconomic index in the country as it is primarily populated by the middle and upper middle classes. The borough is home to a number of landmarks such as the World Trade Center Mexico City, the Estadio Azul, the Plaza México and the Polyforum Cultural Siqueiros.

The borough is in the north center of the Mexico City, just south of the oldest section of the city. It borders the boroughs of Miguel Hidalgo, Cuauhtémoc, Coyoacán, Iztapalapa, Iztacalco and Álvaro Obregón. The borders are formed by two rivers, the La Piedad and the Churubusco, as well as the following streets: Presidente Adolfo López Mateos (Anillo Periférico), 11 de Abril, Avenida Revolución, Puente de la Morena, Viaducto Miguel Alemán, Calzada de Tlalpan, Santa Anita, Atzayacatl, Plutarco Elías Calles and Barranca del Muerto.[4][5] Many of the names of the rivers, streets and neighborhoods have their origin in the pre Hispanic period.[5]

It has a territory of 26.63 km2 (2,661.5 hectares), which is 1.8% of the Federal District and an average altitude of 2,242 metres. It consists of 56 neighborhoods called "colonias" and three major apartment complexes (unidades habitacionales) which cover 2,210 city blocks and through which some of the most important city thoroughfares pass.[4][6][7] The borough is nearly entirely residential with a socioeconomic level of middle class to upper middle class.[8]

The borough is located in the southwest part of the Valley of Mexico.[4] The land is flat with little variation and a portion of it is former lakebed of Lake Texcoco.[7][9] The ground is highly elastic clay which extends down for about fifteen meters. The climate is temperate with an average annual temperature of 17C.[7]

The State of Mexico (Spanish: Estado de México, pronounced [esˈtaðo ðe ˈmexiko] (listen)) is one of the 32 federal entities of Mexico. It is the most populous, as well as the most densely populated state. It is divided into 125 municipalities and its capital city is Toluca de Lerdo.

The State of Mexico is often abbreviated to Edomex from Estado de México in Spanish, to distinguish it from the name of the whole country. It is located in South-Central Mexico. It is bordered by the states of Querétaro and Hidalgo to the north, Morelos and Guerrero to the south, Michoacán to the west, Tlaxcala and Puebla to the east,[8] and surrounds Mexico City (the former Federal District) on three sides.

The state's origins are in the territory of the Aztec Empire, which remained a political division of New Spain during the Spanish colonial period. After gaining independence, Mexico City was chosen as the capital of the new nation; its territory was separated out of the state. Years later, parts of the state were broken off to form the states of Hidalgo, Guerrero and Morelos. These territorial separations have left the state with the size and shape it has today, with the Toluca Valley to the west of Mexico City and a panhandle that extends around the north and east of this entity.
ˈ
The state name is simply México according to the 1917 Constitution of the United Mexican States, but to distinguish it from both the city and the country it is most often called Estado de México. The demonym used to refer to people and things from the state is mexiquense, distinct from mexicano ("Mexican"), which describes the people or things from the country as a whole.

Mēxihco was originally the Nahuatl name for the Valley of Mexico where the cities of the Mexica (the proper name for the Aztec Triple Alliance) were located. As such, the district that became Mexico City was properly known as Mexico-Tenochtitlan in the years shortly before and after Spanish conquest. After the Spanish Conquest, the term México came to be used for Tenochtitlan/Mexico City and all the pre-conquest lands it controlled, including several other aforementioned Mexican states originally incorporated in the boundaries of the Mexico state.

Palacio de los Deportes (English: Palace of Sports) is an indoor arena located in Mexico City, Mexico. It is within the Magdalena Mixhuca Sports City complex, near the Mexico City International Airport and in front of the Foro Sol, in which sports and artistic events are also celebrated. It is operated by Grupo CIE. Opened in 1968, the arena seats 20,000 and the overall capacity is approximately 26,000.

The Sports Palace—located 14 miles (23 km) from the Olympic Village and 6.5 from downtown Mexico City in the Magdalena Mixhuca Sports City near the conflux of two expressways (Miguel Alemán Viaduct and Río Churubusco Interior Loop)—was constructed specifically for the Olympic basketball competition.

Built between October 15, 1966 and September, 1968, it is circular in design with a square-patterned dome spanning 380 feet (120 m) and enclosing an area of 6.7 acres (27,000 m2). The dome consists of hyperbolic paraboloids of tubular aluminum covered with waterproof copper-sheathed plywood and supported by huge steel arches. The Sports Palace seats 22,370—including 7,370 in removable seats. There is parking space for 3,864 vehicles.

Designed by architects Félix Candela, Enrique Castañeda Tamborel and Antonio Peyri, the structure has three floors, which house complete facilities for athletes, judges, officials, organizers, as well as services for radio, television and the press. A mezzanine provides access to the boxes and middle and upper stands. The Sports Palace was designed for a wide variety of programming: boxing, wrestling, weightlifting, fencing, etc., as well as for exhibitions, and tournaments that require more space, such as volleyball, basketball, ice hockey, cycling, athletic meets, equestrian shows, dances, circuses, conventions and expositions. There is a smaller pavilion for expositions and concerts.

Tlatelolco (Classical Nahuatl: Tlatelōlco [tɬateˈloːɬko], or Tlatilōlco, modern Nahuatl pronunciation (help·info) from tlalli land; telolli hill; co place; literally translated "In the little hill of land") is an area now within the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City, centered on the Plaza de las Tres Culturas (Square of Three Cultures). Its archeological history extends to remains from the 15th and 16th centuries, as well as more recent colonial structures.  

The square is bounded by an excavated Aztec archaeological site, the 16th century college church designed by Fray Juan de Torquemada and dedicated to St James the Great (known as Colegio de Santa Cruz de Tlatelolco), the remains of a former Franciscan convent to which was formerly attached the Colegio de Santa Cruz de Tlatelolco, and an office complex that was used by the Ministry of Foreign Relations and is now the property of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.

The Nonoalco-Tlatelolco housing project, built in the 1960s, is served by Metro Tlatelolco. The complex includes the pyramid-shaped Banobras building, which houses a 47-bell carillon. At 125 meters, this is the world's tallest carillon tower. A building with a facade of white marble was constructed by the government for and used by the Secretariat of Foreign Affairs (SRE). It is now used by the National Autonomous University of Mexico.

In 1967, the Treaty of Tlatelolco signed here, with the aim of establishing a nuclear-weapon-free zone throughout Latin America and the Caribbean. Since then, all the region's countries have signed and ratified the treaty.




Coordinates: 23°N 102°W﻿ / ﻿23°N 102°W﻿ / 23; -102

Mexico (Spanish: México [ˈmexiko] (listen); Nahuatl languages: Mēxihco), officially the United Mexican States (Spanish: Estados Unidos Mexicanos [EUM][10][11] [esˈtaðos uˈniðoz mexiˈkanos] (listen), lit. 'Mexican United States'), is a country in the southern portion of North America. It is bordered to the north by the United States; to the south and west by the Pacific Ocean; to the southeast by Guatemala, Belize, and the Caribbean Sea; and to the east by the Gulf of Mexico.[12] Covering 1,972,550 square kilometers (761,610 sq mi),[11] Mexico is the 13th-largest country in the world, and with approximately 128,649,565 inhabitants,[4] it is the world's 10th-most populous country and most populous Spanish-speaking nation. Mexico is a federation comprising 31 states, including Mexico City (CDMX),[13] which is the capital city and its largest metropolis. Other major urban areas include Guadalajara, Monterrey, Puebla, Toluca, Tijuana, Ciudad Juárez, and León.[14]

Pre-Columbian Mexico traces its origins to 8,000 BC and is identified as one of six cradles of civilization;[15] it was home to many advanced Mesoamerican tribes, most notably the Mayans and the Aztecs. In 1521, the Spanish Empire conquered and colonized the territory from its base in Mexico City, which then became known as New Spain. The Catholic Church played an important role as millions of indigenous inhabitants converted. These populations were heavily exploited to mine rich deposits of precious material, which became a major source of wealth for the Spanish.[16] Mexico became an independent nation state after the successful Mexican War of Independence against Spain in 1821.[17]

Azcapotzalco (Classical Nahuatl: Āzcapōtzalco Nahuatl pronunciation: [aːskapoːˈt͡saɬko] (listen), Spanish pronunciation: [askapoˈtsalko] (listen), from āzcapōtzalli “anthill” + -co “place”; literally, “In the place of the anthills”) is one of the 16 municipalities (municipios) into which Mexico's Mexico City is divided.[3] Azcapotzalco is in the northwestern part of Mexico City. The town began in the pre-Hispanic era and was the seat of the Tepanec dominion until the Aztec Triple Alliance overthrew it. After that it was a rural farming area becoming part of the Federal District of Mexico City in the mid-19th century. In the 20th century the area was engulfed by the urban sprawl of Mexico City. Today it is 100% urbanized and is a center of industry.

The municipality of Azcapotzalco is in the Valley of Mexico with its eastern half on the lakebed of the former Lake Texcoco and the west on more solid ground. The historic center is on the former shoreline of this lake.[4][5] The average altitude is 2240 meters above sea level.[6] Politically, the municipality extends over 34.5km2 in the northwest of the Federal District of Mexico City, bordering the municipality of Gustavo A. Madero, Cuauhtémoc, Miguel Hidalgo along with the municipalities of Tlalnepantla de Baz, and Naucalpan in the State of Mexico.[6]

It has a semi moist temperate climate with an average temperature of 15C.[6]

As the municipality is 100% urbanized, there are no ecological reserves. It is divided into 2,723 city blocks.[5][6] There are 54 parks which have no wild vegetation but rather planted species such as willow, cedar and pine trees. These parks cover 100.51 hectares, which is 2.9% of the entire municipality. The most important of these are the Parque Tezozómoc and Alameda Norte, which together account for 52.4 hectares.[5][7]

Teatro de los Insurgentes (English: Theater of the Insurgents) is a theater located on Mexico City's Avenida de los Insurgentes.

It was built by José María Dávila in 1953 as part of President Miguel Alemán's program of urban renewal. Dávila commissioned muralist Diego Rivera to paint La historia del teatro, a visual history of the theatre in Mexico on the building's façade. The Marxist artist placed the character of Cantinflas in the center of the mural in the form of a Robin Hood figure, distributing the wealth of the rich to the poor.

The theater's inaugural performance was Cantinflas' elaborate return to the stage after considerable success in films. The work, Yo, Colón, placed Cantinflas in the role of the Paseo de la Reforma statue of Christopher Columbus, who came to life and made candid "discoveries" about contemporary Mexican society.

It hosted the weightlifting competitions for the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Miguel Hidalgo is one of the 16 alcaldías (municipalities) into which Mexico City is divided. It was created in 1970, joining the historic areas of Tacuba, Chapultepec and Tacubaya along with a number of notable neighborhoods such as Polanco and Lomas de Chapultepec. With landmarks such as Chapultepec Park and the Museo Nacional de Antropología, it is the second most visited borough in Mexico City after Cuauhtémoc, D.F. where the historic center of Mexico City is located. Tacubaya and Tacuba both have long histories as independent settlements and were designated as “Barrios Mágicos” by the city for tourism purposes.[1][2]

The borough is located in the northwest Federal District of Mexico City, just west of the historic center. The borough is divided into eighty one neighborhoods called colonias. The largest of these is Bosques de las Lomas at 3.2km2, and the smallest is Popo Ampliación with only .33km2. It is bordered by the boroughs of Azcapotzalco, Cuauhtémoc, Benito Juárez, Álvaro Obregón and Cuajimalpa with the State of Mexico bordering it on the west side. It has a territory of 47.68km2 which is 3.17 percent of the total Federal District.[3]

The borough consists of an area which used to the west bank of Lake Texcoco, with three major zones, Tacuba, Chapultepec and Tacubaya. The geography of the borough includes canyons, hills and mesas associated with the Sierra de las Cruces, most present in the southwest bordering Cuajimalpa. In the northeast, mostly defined by the Circuit Interior road, is the most important elevation, the Cerro de Chapultepec at 2,260masl.[3] The area today is almost completely developed with green spaces mostly limited to parks. The largest green space is Chapultepec Park at 2.2 km2.[3] Parque Lineal was the former rail line of the Ferrocarril de Cuernavaca. The strip was converted into a park in 2011. Where the park crosses Lago Constanza Street in Colonia Anáhuac, there are often cultural events held.[4] One of the newest parks in the borough is located on Lago Caneguin in Colonia Argentina, created over a former roadway called Ruta 100. The unnamed park has 10,000 meters of surface area, kiosk, gymnasium, bicycle path, multipurpose room, parking, rain water containment system and child care center. It serves about 40,000 area residents.[5] In 2008, reforestation efforts were undertaken, beginning at the Cañitas Park.[6] While there were important rivers here such as Remedios, today there are no longer any free flowing currents of water. The climate is semi moist and temperate with annual rainfall varying between 700 and 800mm. The average annual temperature is 15C with lows in the winter about 8C and highs around 19C.[3]

Certain areas of the borough have problems with the stability of the ground due to old abandoned underground mines.[7] These areas include the América, Daniel Garza, 16 de Septiembre, Daniel Garza Apliación and Observatorio neighborhoods, which are particularly affected, but the problem also is found in El Capulín, Monte Sol and Ex Hacienda de Pedregal.[8] The number of people living in these areas is estimated at over 25,000, and about 500 families living in very high risk areas.[7] Abandoned mines have also been detected in Tacubaya, Lomas Altas, Bosque de las Lomas and even under Chapultepec Park.[8]

Puebla (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈpweβla] (listen) English: Colony, settlement), officially Estado Libre y Soberano de Puebla (English: Free and Sovereign State of Puebla), is one of the 32 states which comprise the Federal Entities of Mexico. It is divided into 217 municipalities and its capital is the city of Puebla.

It is located in East-Central Mexico. It is bordered by the states of Veracruz to the north and east, Hidalgo, México, Tlaxcala and Morelos to the west, and Guerrero and Oaxaca to the south.

The origins of the state lie in the city of Puebla, which was founded by the Spanish in this valley in 1531 to secure the trade route between Mexico City and the port of Veracruz.

By the end of the 18th century, the area had become a colonial province with its own governor, which would become the State of Puebla, after the Mexican War of Independence in the early 19th century. Since that time the area, especially around the capital city, has continued to grow economically, mostly through industry, despite being the scene of a number of battles, the most notable of which being the Battle of Puebla. Today, the state is one of the most industrialized in the country, but since most of its development is concentrated in Puebla and other cities, many of its rural areas are very poor, forcing many to migrate away to places such as Mexico City and the United States.

Toluca [toˈluka], officially called Toluca de Lerdo [toˈluka ðe ˈleɾðo], is the state capital of the State of Mexico as well as the seat of the Municipality of Toluca. It is the center of a rapidly growing urban area, now the fifth largest in Mexico. It is located 63 kilometres (39 mi) west-southwest of Mexico City, about 40 minutes by car to the western edge of the city. According to the 2010 census, the city of Toluca has a population of 819,561.[2] The city is the fifth largest in Mexico by population. The municipality of Toluca, along with thirteen other municipalities, make up the metropolitan population of 2,116,506 in Greater Toluca as of 2015[update],[3] making it the fifth most populous metropolitan area in Mexico.

When Toluca was founded by the Matlatzincas, its original name was Nepintahihui (land of corn, tierra del maíz). The current name is based on the Náhuatl name for the area when it was renamed by the Aztecs in 1473. The name has its origin in the word tollocan that comes from the name of the god, Tolo, plus the locative suffix, can, to denote "place of Tolo".[4] It is also referred to in a number of Aztec codices as Tolutépetl, meaning hill of the god, Tolo, an allusion to the nearby volcano.[5] The name Toluca de Lerdo was adopted in 1861 in honor of President Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada.[6]

The Valley of Toluca was known as Matlatzinco Valley in ancient times and home to at least four linguistic groups: the Matlatzinca, Otomi, Mazahua, and Nahua peoples. In the Postclassic period, the valley was ruled by a large powerful capital city whose ruins are located today in the village of Calixtlahuaca, just north of the city of Toluca. In 1478 the Mexica emperor Axayacatl conquered the Toluca Valley. The capital was stripped of its dynasty and power and some lands were distributed to kings and nobles from the Valley of Mexico.[7]

One of the rivals of Calixtlahuaca was Tollocan, a minor city-state before 1478. When Axayacatl destroyed Calixtlahuaca, he placed the imperial provincial capital in Tollocan. Calixtlahuaca and other towns in the Toluca Valley paid tribute to the Aztec Empire through Tollocan. After the Spanish conquest, the name Tollocan was changed to Toluca. Archaeologists have not yet located a major Postclassic settlement within the modern city. Either the pre-Hispanic city of Tollocan was destroyed and covered over by the expansion of Toluca, or else the remains of Tollocan could lie outside of the modern city. A small Postclassic site was discovered on the hill called Tolochi, which is in the north of the modern city, but the remains seem too insubstantial to have been a major provincial capital. The tree of "Las Manitas Rojas", which literally means "little red hands", was planted before the Spanish Conquest in what is now the monastery of Nuestra Señora del Carmen. This tree is significant because it shows that Toluca was important enough for the Aztecs to create a botanical garden.[8]

Morelos (Spanish pronunciation: [moˈɾelos] (listen)), officially the Free and Sovereign State of Morelos (Spanish: Estado Libre y Soberano de Morelos), is one of the 32 states which comprise the Federal Entities of Mexico. It is divided into 36 municipalities[12][13] and its capital city is Cuernavaca.

Morelos is a landlocked state located in South-Central Mexico. It is bordered by the states of México to the north-east and north-west, Puebla to the east, and Guerrero to the southwest. Mexico City is situated north of Morelos.

Morelos is the second-smallest state in the nation, just after Tlaxcala. It was part of the very large province, then State of Mexico until 1869, when Benito Juárez decreed that its territory would be separated and named in honor of José María Morelos y Pavón, who defended the city of Cuautla from royalist forces during the Mexican War of Independence. Most of the state enjoys a warm climate year-round, which is good for the raising of sugar cane and other crops. Morelos has attracted visitors from the Valley of Mexico since Aztec times.

The state is also known for the Chinelos, a type of costumed dancer that appears at festivals, especially Carnival, which is celebrated in a number of communities in the state. It is also home to the Monasteries on the slopes of Popocatépetl, a designated World Heritage Site.



Ciudad Juárez (/ˈhwɑːrɛz/ HWAH-rez; Juarez City. Spanish pronunciation: [sjuˈðað ˈxwaɾes] (listen)) is the most populous city in the Mexican state of Chihuahua.[3] The city is commonly referred to as simply Juárez, and was known as El Paso del Norte (The Pass of the North) until 1888.[4] Juárez is the seat of the Juárez Municipality with an estimated population of 1.5 million people.[5] It lies on the Rio Grande (Río Bravo del Norte) river, south of El Paso, Texas, United States. Together with the surrounding areas, the cities form El Paso–Juárez, the second largest binational metropolitan area on the Mexico–U.S. border (after San Diego–Tijuana), with a combined population of over 2.7 million people.[6]

Four international points of entry connect Ciudad Juárez and El Paso: the Bridge of the Americas, the Ysleta International Bridge, the Paso del Norte Bridge, and the Stanton Street Bridge. Combined, these bridges allowed 22,958,472 crossings in 2008,[7] making Ciudad Juárez a major point of entry and transportation into the U.S. for all of central northern Mexico. The city has a growing industrial center, which in large part is made up by more than 300 "maquiladoras" (assembly plants) located in and around the city. According to a 2007 New York Times article, Ciudad Juárez was "absorbing more new industrial real estate space than any other North American city".[5] In 2008, fDi Magazine designated Ciudad Juárez "The City of the Future".[8]

As 17th century Spanish explorers sought a route through the southern Rocky Mountains, the Franciscan Friar García de San Francisco founded Ciudad Juárez in 1659 as "El Paso del Norte" ("The North Pass"). The Misión de Guadalupe de los Mansos en el Paso del río del Norte became the first permanent Spanish development in the area in the 1660s, although Native American peoples were already present. The Franciscan friars established a community that grew in importance as commerce between Santa Fe and Chihuahua passed through it. The wood for the first bridge across the Rio Grande came from Santa Fe, New Mexico in the late 18th century. The original population of Mansos, Suma, Jumano, and other natives from the south brought by the Spanish from Central New Spain grew around the mission. In 1680 during the Pueblo Revolt, most of the Piro Pueblo and some of the Tiwa people branch of the Pueblo became refugees, A Mission was established for the Tigua in Ysleta del Sur. Piro Pueblo colonial era settlements along El Camino Real, south of the Guadalupe Mission, included Missions Real de San Lorenzo, Senecú del Sur, and Soccoro del Sur. Presidio del Nuestra Senora del Pilar del Paso del Rio Norte was established near the Mission in 1683.[9]:39–96

Hidalgo del Parral, is a city and seat of the municipality of Hidalgo del Parral in the Mexican state of Chihuahua. It is located in the southern part of the state, 220 kilometres (140 mi) from the state capital, the city of Chihuahua, Chih.
As of 2015, the city of Hidalgo del Parral had a population of 109,510 inhabitants,[1] while the metro area has a population of 129,688 inhabitants.[1] The city was founded as San José del Parral. The name was changed after independence from Spain, in honour of Fr Miguel Hidalgo, widely considered the 'Father of the Country'.

According to legend, Juan Rangel de Biezma came here in 1629, picked up a rock on the “Cerro la Prieta” (La Prieta Hill), licked it and proclaimed “There is a mineral deposit here.” This deposit produced silver for 340 years.[2]

Parral was once a bustling center for silver mining. As early as 1567, the silver mines at Santa Barbara were established in the territory of the Conchos Indians. However, in 1631, a vast new silver strike was made in what is now southern Chihuahua. Later, in 1640, it was declared "Capital of the World of Silver" by monarch Philip IV of Spain, at the very height of the Spanish Empire, that included territories in Eastern Asia, Italy, and the Low Countries[citation needed].

The large area of southern Chihuahua inhabited by the Tarahumara people included the highway between the mining districts of Parral, Cusihuiriachic, and Chihuahua.[citation needed] Asarco managed the La Prieta mine until the boom ended in the early 1930s; the minerals that were extracted were sent to the United States for final processing and then shipped back to Mexico, the US and other markets. After the end of the silver mining boom, Parral was almost completely abandoned in the early 1930s (although the surrounding district continues to be mined for silver and base metals.)

Colonia Roma, also called La Roma or simply, Roma, is a district located in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City  just west of the city's historic center, and in fact is no longer a single colonia (neighbourhood) but now two officially defined ones, Roma Norte and Roma Sur, divided by Coahuila street.[2]

The colonia was planned as an upper-class Porfirian neighborhood in the early twentieth century. By the 1940s, it had become a middle-class neighborhood in slow decline, with the downswing being worsened by the 1985 Mexico City earthquake. Since the 2000s, the area has seen increasing gentrification.[3]

Currently Roma and neighbouring Condesa are known for being the epicenter of hipster subculture in the city, and rivals Polanco as the center of the city's culinary scene.  Besides residential buildings, the neighborhood streets are lined with restaurants, bars, clubs, shops, cultural centers, churches and galleries.[4] Many are housed in former Art Nouveau and Neo-Classical buildings dating from the Porfiriato period at the beginning of the 20th century. Roma was designated as a "Barrio Mágico" ("magical neighborhood") by the city in 2011.[5]

The area was a very shallow part of Lake Texcoco, dotted with tiny islands and one small island village of Aztacalco during the pre-Hispanic period. During the colonial period, the area dried up and became rural lands first owned by Hernán Cortés and then by the Counts of Miraville. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, this area west of what was Mexico City proper was being turned into “modern” colonias for the wealthy seeking to escape the deterioration of city center. The colonia's height as an “aristocratic” and “European” enclave was from its founding in the 1900s until about the 1940s. However, wealthy residents began to move to newer neighborhoods as early as the 1940s and problems associated with urbanization began to appear in the 1950s. Older mansions began to give way to modern commercial buildings in the 1960s and 1970s as the deterioration became more serious. The 1985 Mexico City earthquake caused widespread destruction in the colonia, especially to newer and more commercial and apartment buildings, even causing one major development to mostly disappear.  Since then, there have been efforts to conserve the area's architectural heritage and regain some of its former prestige with some success.

Ciudad Universitaria may refer to:



Puebla (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈpweβla]; English: Colony, settlement; Nahuatl languages: Cuetlaxcoapan), known in Spanish as Puebla de Zaragoza, formally Heroica Puebla de Zaragoza and in colonial times as Puebla de los Ángeles, is the seat of Puebla Municipality, the capital and largest city of the state of Puebla, and the second largest in colonial Mexico and the richest Catholic diocese.[2][3] A colonial era planned city, it is located in (southern) Central Mexico on the main route between the capital, Mexico City, and Mexico's main Atlantic port, Veracruz—about 100 km (62 mi) east southeast of Mexico City and about 220 km (140 mi) west of Veracruz.[4]

The city was founded in 1531 in an area called Cuetlaxcoapan, which means "where serpents change their skin", in between of two of the main indigenous settlements at the time, Tlaxcala and Cholula.[5] This valley was not populated in the 16th century, as in the pre-Hispanic period[6] this area was primarily used for the "flower wars" between a number of populations.[7][failed verification] Due to its history and architectural styles ranging from Renaissance to Mexican Baroque, the city was named a World Heritage Site in 1987. The city is also famous for mole poblano, chiles en nogada and Talavera pottery. However, most of its economy is based on industry.[7]

Being both the fourth largest city in Mexico and the fourth largest Metropolitan area in Mexico, it has a current population of 3,250,000 people, and the city serves as one of the main hubs for eastern Central Mexico. Many students come from all over the country to study in its many renowned and prestigious universities, such as BUAP, UDLAP, Ibero, UPAEP and Tecnológico de Monterrey, among others. The city also excels because of its industry, with the world's largest Volkswagen factory outside Germany located in the Municipality of Cuautlancingo and Audi plant in San José Chiapa being the most technologically advanced plant in the western hemisphere.[8] As a result, many suppliers to Volkswagen and Audi assembly plants have opened factories in the metropolitan area of Puebla.[9]





Mexico City (Spanish: Ciudad de México, locally [sjuˈða(ð) ðe ˈmexiko] (listen);[12] abbreviated as CDMX; Nahuatl languages: Āltepētl Mēxihco), is the capital and largest city of Mexico and the most populous city in North America.[13][14] Mexico City is one of the most important cultural and financial centres in the world.[15] It is located in the Valley of Mexico (Valle de México), a large valley in the high plateaus in the center of Mexico, at an altitude of 2,240 meters (7,350 ft). The city has 16 subdivisions, formerly known as boroughs.

The 2009 population for the city proper was approximately 8.84 million people,[16] with a land area of 1,485 square kilometers (573 sq mi).[17] According to the most recent definition agreed upon by the federal and state governments, the population of Greater Mexico City is 21.3 million, which makes it the second largest metropolitan area of the Western Hemisphere, the eleventh-largest agglomeration (2017), and the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world.[18]




Coordinates: 37°N 120°W﻿ / ﻿37°N 120°W﻿ / 37; -120

California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States. With 39.5 million residents across a total area of about 163,696 square miles (423,970 km2), California is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area, and is also the world's thirty-fourth most populous subnational entity, and is the most populated subnational entity in North America. The state capital is Sacramento. The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation's second- and fifth-most populous urban regions, with 18.7 million and 9.7 million residents respectively.[13] Los Angeles is California's most populous city, and the country's second-most populous, after New York City. California also has the nation's most populous county, Los Angeles County, and its largest county by area, San Bernardino County. The City and County of San Francisco is both the country's second most densely populated major city after New York City and the fifth most densely populated county, behind only four of the five New York City boroughs.

California's economy, with a gross state product of $3.0 trillion, is the largest sub-national economy in the world.[14] If it were a country, California would be the fifth-largest economy in the world (larger than the United Kingdom, France, or India),[15] and the 37th-most populous as of 2020[update].[16] The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation's second- and third-largest urban economies ($1.3 trillion and $1.0 trillion respectively as of 2020[update]), after the New York metropolitan area ($2.0 trillion).[17] The San Francisco Bay Area PSA had the nation's highest gross domestic product per capita in 2018 ($106,757) among large primary statistical areas,[18] and is home to four of the world's ten largest companies by market capitalization[19] and four of the world's ten richest people.[20]

Coordinates: 33°44′N 115°59′W﻿ / ﻿33.73°N 115.98°W﻿ / 33.73; -115.98

Riverside County is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 2,189,641,[3] making it the fourth-most populous county in California and the 10th-most populous in the United States. The name was derived from the city of Riverside, which is the county seat.[5]

Riverside County is included in the Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario Metropolitan Statistical Area, also known as the Inland Empire. The county is also included in the Los Angeles-Long Beach Combined Statistical Area.

Roughly rectangular, Riverside County covers 7,208 square miles (18,670 km2) in Southern California, spanning from the greater Los Angeles area to the Arizona border. Geographically, the county is mostly desert in the central and eastern portions, but has a Mediterranean climate in the western portion. Most of Joshua Tree National Park is located in the county. The resort cities of Palm Springs, Palm Desert, Indian Wells, La Quinta, Rancho Mirage, and Desert Hot Springs are all located in the Coachella Valley region of central Riverside County. 



San Diego County, officially the County of San Diego, is a county in the southwestern corner of the state of California, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 3,095,313,[5] making it California's second-most populous county and the fifth-most populous in the United States. Its county seat is San Diego,[8] the eighth-most populous city in the United States. It is the southwesternmost county in the 48 contiguous United States, and is a border county.

San Diego County comprises the San Diego-Chula Vista-Carlsbad, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area,[9] which is the 17th most populous metropolitan statistical area and the 18th most populous primary statistical area of the United States as of July 1, 2012.[10][11]
San Diego is also part of the San Diego–Tijuana metropolitan area, the largest metropolitan area shared between the United States and Mexico. Greater San Diego ranks as the 38th largest metropolitan area in the Americas.

San Diego County has more than 70 miles (110 km) of coastline. This forms the most densely populated region of the county, which has a mild Mediterranean to semiarid climate and extensive chaparral vegetation, similar to the rest of the western portion of southern California. Precipitation and temperature extremes increase to the east, with mountains that receive frost and snow in the winter.[12] These lushly forested mountains receive more rainfall than average in southern California, while the desert region of the county lies in a rain shadow to the east, which extends into the Desert Southwest region of North America.





Los Angeles County, officially the County of Los Angeles,[8] in the Los Angeles metropolitan area of the U.S. state of California, is the most populous county in the United States,[9] with more than ten million inhabitants as of 2018[update].[10] As such, it is the largest non–state level government entity in the United States. Its population is larger than that of 41 individual U.S. states, as well as the combined population of the 10 least populous states. It is the third-largest metropolitan economy in the world, with a Nominal GDP of over $700 billion—larger than the GDPs of countries such as Belgium and Norway.[11] It has 88 incorporated cities and many unincorporated areas and, at 4,083 square miles (10,570 km2), it is larger than the combined areas of Delaware and Rhode Island. The county is home to more than one-quarter of California residents and is one of the most ethnically-diverse counties in the U.S.[12] Its county seat, Los Angeles, is also California's most populous city and the second most populous city in the U.S., with about four million residents.

Los Angeles County is one of the original counties of California, created at the time of statehood in 1850.[13] The county originally included parts of what are now Kern, San Bernardino, Riverside, Inyo, Tulare, Ventura, and Orange counties. In 1851 and 1852, Los Angeles County stretched from the coast to the state line of Nevada.[14] As the population increased, sections were split off to organize San Bernardino County in 1853, Kern County in 1866, and Orange County in 1889.



Alameda County (/ˌæləˈmiːdə/ AL-ə-MEE-də) is a county in the state of California in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,510,271,[5] making it the 7th-most populous county in the state.[6] and 20th most populous nationally. The county seat is Oakland.[7] Alameda County is included in the San Francisco Bay Area, occupying much of the East Bay region.

The Spanish word alameda means either, "...a grove of poplars,...or a tree lined street" a name originally used to describe the Arroyo de la Alameda.  The willow and sycamore trees along the banks of the river reminded the early Spanish explorers of a road lined with trees.[8][9] Although a strict translation to English might be "Poplar Grove Creek", the name of the principal stream that flows through the county is now simply "Alameda Creek."

Alameda County is included in the San Francisco–Oakland–Berkeley, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland, CA Combined Statistical Area.



San Luis Obispo County, officially the County of San Luis Obispo, is a county in Southern California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 269,637.[4] The county seat is San Luis Obispo.[6]

Junipero Serra founded the Mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa in 1772 and downtown San Luis Obispo grew around the Mission. The small size of the county's communities, scattered along the beaches, coastal hills, and mountains of the Santa Lucia range, provides a wide variety of coastal and inland hill ecologies to support fishing, agriculture, and tourist activities.

California Polytechnic State University has almost 20,000 students. Tourism, especially for the wineries, is popular. Grapes and other agriculture products are an important part of the economy. San Luis Obispo County is the third largest producer of wine in California, surpassed only by Sonoma and Napa Counties. Strawberries are the largest agricultural crop in the county.[7]



Santa Barbara County, California, officially the County of Santa Barbara, is a county located in the southern region of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 423,895.[3] The county seat is Santa Barbara,[7] and the largest city is Santa Maria.

Santa Barbara County comprises the Santa Maria-Santa Barbara, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area. Most of the county is part of the California Central Coast.[8] Mainstays of the county's economy include engineering, resource extraction (particularly petroleum extraction and diatomaceous earth mining), winemaking, agriculture, and education. The software development and tourism industries are important employers in the southern part of the county.

Southern Santa Barbara County is sometimes considered the northern cultural boundary of Southern California.[9]



Yuba County is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population was 72,155.[3] The county seat is Marysville.[5] Yuba County is included in the Yuba City, California Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Sacramento–Roseville, California Combined Statistical Area. The county is located in the state's Central Valley region along the Feather River.

Yuba County was one of the original counties of California, formed in 1850 at the time of statehood.  Parts of the county's territory were given to Placer County in 1851, to Nevada County in 1851 and to Sierra County in 1852.

The county was named after the Yuba River by Captain John Sutter for the Maidu village Yubu, Yupu or Juba near the confluence of the Yuba and Feather rivers. General Mariano Vallejo stated that the river was named Uba by an exploring expedition in 1824 because of the quantities of wild grapes (uvas silvestres in Spanish) which they found growing on its banks.

Solano County is a county located in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 413,344.[3] The county seat is Fairfield.[5]

Solano County comprises the Vallejo–Fairfield, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the San Jose–San Francisco–Oakland, CA Combined Statistical Area.[6] Solano County is the northeastern county in the nine-county San Francisco Bay Area region.

A portion of the South Campus at the University of California, Davis is in Solano County.

Solano County was one of the original counties of California, created in 1850 at the time of statehood.



Marin County /məˈrɪn/ is a county located in the northwestern part of the San Francisco Bay Area of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 252,409.[5] Its county seat is San Rafael.[6] Marin County is included in the San Francisco–Oakland–Berkeley, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area across the Golden Gate Bridge from San Francisco.

As of 2010, Marin County had the fifth highest income per capita in the United States at $91,483.[7][needs update] The county is governed by the Marin County Board of Supervisors. The county is also well known for its natural environment.[citation needed]

San Quentin State Prison is located in the county, as is George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch. Autodesk, the publisher of AutoCAD, is also located there, as well as numerous other high-tech companies. The Marin County Civic Center was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and draws thousands of visitors a year to guided tours of its arch and atrium design. In 1994, a new county jail facility was embedded into the hillside nearby.[8] Marin County's natural sites include the Muir Woods redwood forest, the Marin Headlands, Stinson Beach, the Point Reyes National Seashore, and Mount Tamalpais.





MSA—$548.6 billion (4th)

San Francisco, officially the City and County of San Francisco and colloquially known as SF, San Fran, Frisco, or The City,[19][20] is the cultural, commercial, and financial center of Northern California. San Francisco is the 16th most populous city in the United States, and the fourth most populous in California, with 881,549 residents as of 2019.[14] It covers an area of about 46.89 square miles (121.4 km2),[21] mostly at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area, making it the second most densely populated large U.S. city, and the fifth most densely populated U.S. county, behind only four of the five New York City boroughs. San Francisco is the 12th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States by population, with 4.7 million people, and the fourth-largest by economic output, with GDP of $549 billion in 2018.[22] With San Jose, it forms the fifth most populous combined statistical area in the United States, the San Jose–San Francisco–Oakland, CA Combined Statistical Area (9.67 million residents in 2018).



Kern County is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 839,631.[2] Its county seat is Bakersfield.[4]

Kern County comprises the Bakersfield, California, Metropolitan statistical area. The county spans the southern end of the Central Valley. Covering 8,161.42 square miles (21,138.0 km2), it ranges west to the southern slope of the Coast Ranges, and east beyond the southern slope of the eastern Sierra Nevada into the Mojave Desert, at the city of Ridgecrest. Its northernmost city is Delano, and its southern reach expands just beyond Lebec to Grapevine, and the northern extremity of the parallel Antelope Valley.

The county's economy is heavily linked to agriculture and to petroleum extraction. There is also a strong aviation, space, and military presence, such as Edwards Air Force Base, the China Lake Naval Air Weapons Station, and the Mojave Air and Space Port.



Inyo County is a county in the eastern central part of California, located between the Sierra Nevada mountains and the state of Nevada. As of the 2010 census, the population was 18,546.[5] The county seat is Independence.[7]

Inyo County is on the east side of the Sierra Nevada and southeast of Yosemite National Park in Central California. It contains the Owens River Valley; it is flanked to the west by the Sierra Nevada and to the east by the White Mountains and the Inyo Mountains. With an area of 10,192 square miles (26,397 km2), Inyo County is the second-largest county by area in California, after San Bernardino County. Almost one-half of that area is within Death Valley National Park. However, with a population density of 1.8 people per square mile, it also has the second-lowest population density in California, after Alpine County.

Present day Inyo county has been the historic homeland for thousands of years of the Mono tribe, Coso people, Timbisha, Kawaiisu, and Southern Paiute Native Americans. They spoke the Paiute language, Timbisha language and the Mono language with Mono traditional narratives. The descendants of these ancestors continue to live in their traditional homelands in the Owens River Valley and in Death Valley National Park.

Placer County (/ˈplæsər/ PLASS-ərr), officially the County of Placer, is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 348,432.[3] The county seat is Auburn.[5]

Placer County is included in the Greater Sacramento metropolitan area. It is in both the Sacramento Valley and Sierra Nevada regions, in what is known as the Gold Country. The county stretches roughly 65 miles from Sacramento's suburbs at Roseville to the Nevada border and the shore of Lake Tahoe.

The discovery of gold in 1848 brought tens of thousands of miners from around the world during the California Gold Rush. In addition, many more thousands came to provide goods and services to the miners. Only three years after the discovery of gold, the fast-growing county was formed from portions of Sutter and Yuba counties on April 25, 1851, with Auburn as the county seat. Placer County took its name from the Spanish word for sand or gravel deposits containing gold. Miners washed away the gravel, leaving the heavier gold, in a process known as "placer mining".

Gold mining was a major industry through the 1880s, but gradually the new residents turned to farming the fertile foothill soil, harvesting timber and working for the Southern Pacific Railroad. Auburn was settled when Claude Chana discovered gold in Auburn Ravine in May 1848 and later became a shipping and supply center for the surrounding gold camps. The cornerstone of Placer's beautiful and historic courthouse, which is clearly visible from Interstate 80 through Auburn, was laid on July 4, 1894. The building itself was renovated during the late 1980s and continues to serve the public today with courtrooms, a historic sheriff's office and the Placer County Museum. Roseville, once a small agricultural center, became a major railroad center and grew to the county's most populous city after Southern Pacific Railroad moved its railroad switching yards there in 1908.



The Sierra Nevada (/siˌɛrə nɪˈvædə, -ˈvɑːdə/)[a] is a mountain range in the Western United States, between the Central Valley of California and the Great Basin. The vast majority of the range lies in the state of California, although the Carson Range spur lies primarily in Nevada. The Sierra Nevada is part of the American Cordillera, an almost continuous chain of mountain ranges that forms the western "backbone" of the Americas.

The Sierra runs 400 miles (640 km) north-to-south, and is approximately 70 miles (110 km) across east-to-west. Notable Sierra features include General Sherman, the largest tree in the world by volume; Lake Tahoe, the largest alpine lake in North America; Mount Whitney at 14,505 ft (4,421 m),[1] the highest point in the contiguous United States; and Yosemite Valley sculpted by glaciers from one-hundred-million-year-old granite, containing high waterfalls. The Sierra is home to three national parks, twenty wilderness areas, and two national monuments. These areas include Yosemite, Sequoia, and Kings Canyon National Parks; and Devils Postpile National Monument.

More than one hundred million years ago during the Nevadan orogeny, granite formed deep underground. The range started to uplift four million years ago, and erosion by glaciers exposed the granite and formed the light-colored mountains and cliffs that make up the range. The uplift caused a wide range of elevations and climates in the Sierra Nevada, which are reflected by the presence of five life zones (areas with similar plant and animal communities). Uplift continues due to faulting caused by tectonic forces, creating spectacular fault block escarpments along the eastern edge of the southern Sierra.



Monterey County, officially the County of Monterey, is a county located on the Pacific coast of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 415,057.[5] The county seat and largest city is Salinas.[6]

Monterey County comprises the Salinas, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area. It borders the Monterey Bay, from which it derives its name. The northern half of the bay is in Santa Cruz County.  Monterey County is a member of the regional governmental agency, Association of Monterey Bay Area Governments.

The coastline, including Big Sur, State Route 1, and the 17 Mile Drive on the Monterey Peninsula, has made the county world-famous. The city of Monterey was the capital of California under Spanish and Mexican rule. The economy is primarily based upon tourism in the coastal regions and agriculture in the Salinas River valley. Most of the county's people live near the northern coast and Salinas Valley, while the southern coast and inland mountain regions are sparsely populated.



San Diego (/ˌsæn diˈeɪɡoʊ/, Spanish: [san ˈdjeɣo]; Spanish for 'Saint Didacus') is a city in the U.S. state of California on the coast of the Pacific Ocean, approximately 120 miles (190 km) south of Los Angeles and immediately adjacent to the border with Mexico. With an estimated population of 1,423,851 as of July 1, 2019,[10] San Diego is the eighth-largest city in the United States and second-largest in California. It is part of the San Diego–Tijuana conurbation, the second-largest transborder agglomeration between the U.S. and a bordering country after Detroit–Windsor, with a population of 4,922,723 people.[12] The city is known for its mild year-round climate, natural deep-water harbor, extensive beaches, long association with the United States Navy, and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center.

San Diego has been called "the birthplace of California".[13] Historically home to the Kumeyaay people, it was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now the West Coast of the United States. Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542, Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the area for Spain, forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later. The Presidio and Mission San Diego de Alcalá, founded in 1769, formed the first European settlement in what is now California. In 1821, San Diego became part of the newly declared Mexican Empire, which reformed as the First Mexican Republic two years later. California became part of the United States in 1848 following the Mexican–American War and was admitted to the union as a state in 1850.

The city is the seat of San Diego County and is the economic center of the region as well as the San Diego–Tijuana metropolitan area. San Diego's main economic engines are military and defense-related activities, tourism, international trade, and manufacturing. The presence of the University of California, San Diego (UCSD), with the affiliated UCSD Medical Center, has helped make the area a center of research in biotechnology.



Los Angeles (/lɔːs ˈændʒələs/ (listen);[a] Spanish: Los Ángeles; Spanish for 'The Angels'),[16] officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A., is the largest city in California. With an estimated population of nearly four million people,[11] it is the country's second most populous city (after New York City) and the third most populous city in North America (after Mexico City and New York City). Los Angeles is known for its Mediterranean climate, ethnic diversity, Hollywood entertainment industry, and its sprawling metropolis.

Los Angeles lies in a basin in Southern California, adjacent to the Pacific Ocean, with mountains as high as 10,000 feet (3,000 m), and deserts. The city, which covers about 469 square miles (1,210 km2),[17] is the seat of Los Angeles County, the most populous county in the United States. The Los Angeles metropolitan area (MSA) is home to 13.1 million people, making it the second-largest metropolitan area in the nation after New York.[18] Greater Los Angeles includes metro Los Angeles as well as the Inland Empire and Ventura County.[19] It is the second most populous U.S. combined statistical area, also after New York, with a 2015 estimate of 18.7 million people.[20]

Home to the Chumash and Tongva, Los Angeles was claimed by Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo for Spain in 1542. The city was founded on September 4, 1781, by Spanish governor Felipe de Neve. It became a part of Mexico in 1821 following the Mexican War of Independence. In 1848, at the end of the Mexican–American War, Los Angeles and the rest of California were purchased as part of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and thus became part of the United States. Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850, five months before California achieved statehood. The discovery of oil in the 1890s brought rapid growth to the city.[21] The city was further expanded with the completion of the Los Angeles Aqueduct in 1913, which delivers water from Eastern California.



Orange County is a county located in the Los Angeles metropolitan area in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 3,010,232,[4] making it the third-most populous county in California, the sixth most populous in the U.S., and more populous than 21 U.S. states.[7] Although mostly suburban, it is the second most densely populated county in the state, behind San Francisco County.[8] The county's four most populous cities, Anaheim, Santa Ana (the county seat),[9] Irvine, and Huntington Beach, each have a population exceeding 200,000. Six cities are on the Pacific coast, including Seal Beach, Huntington Beach, Newport Beach, Laguna Beach, Dana Point, and San Clemente.

Orange County is included in the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county has 34 incorporated cities. Older cities like Santa Ana, Anaheim, and Fullerton have traditional downtowns dating back to the 19th century, while newer commercial development or "edge cities" stretch along I-5 between Disneyland and Santa Ana and between South Coast Plaza and the Irvine Business Complex, and cluster at Irvine Spectrum. Although single-family homes make up the dominant landscape for most of the county, Northern and Central Orange County is relatively more urbanized and dense as compared to those areas beyond Irvine, which are less dense, though still contiguous and primarily suburban, but not exurban.

The county is a tourist center, with attractions like Disneyland, Knott's Berry Farm, Mission San Juan Capistrano, Modjeska House, Yost Theater, Balboa Island, Angel Stadium, Honda Center, and several popular beaches along its more than 40 miles (64 km) of coastline.

Plumas County is a county in the Sierra Nevada of California, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 20,007.[1] The county seat is Quincy,[3] and the only incorporated city is Portola. The largest community in the county is East Quincy. The county was named for the Spanish Río de las Plumas (the Feather River), which flows through the county.

Prior to the California Gold Rush of 1849, the indigenous Mountain Maidu were the primary inhabitants of the area now known as Plumas County. The Maidu lived in small settlements along the edges of valleys, subsisting on roots, acorns, grasses, seeds, and occasionally fish and big game. They were decentralized and had no tribal leadership; most bands lived along waterways in and around their own valleys. Areas with high snowfall, including the Mohawk and Sierra valleys, were hunting grounds for game in the warmer months.[4][5]

In 1848, European Americans discovered gold in the Sierra foothills. Miners were attracted to Plumas County in particular, largely due to the tales of Thomas Stoddard, who claimed to have discovered a lake lined with gold nuggets while lost in the wilderness. Gold-hungry prospectors flooded into the area. Though hopeful miners scoured the glacial lakes (now designated as the Lakes Basin Recreation Area) for months, they did not find the purported lake of gold.

But some had success panning for gold in the rivers and creeks in the area, and created squatters' villages, the first non-Native American settlements.[6]

Rosamond is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kern County, California, USA, near the Los Angeles county line. Rosamond is 20 miles (32 km) north of Palmdale, in the Antelope Valley, the westernmost desert valley of the Mojave Desert. It is also 13 miles (21 km) south of Mojave,[3] and 11 miles (18 km) north of Lancaster at an elevation of 2,342 feet (714 m).[2] According to 2010 United States census data, the town population was 18,150.

The Postal Service shows portions of Rosamond as having the names Tropico Village, California, named after a mine, and Willow Springs.

Rosamond Skypark Airport, Federal Aviation Administration identifier L00 (with two zeroes), is located at 34°52′15″N 118°12′32″W﻿ / ﻿34.87083°N 118.20889°W﻿ / 34.87083; -118.20889 and features a paved 3,600-foot (1,100 m) runway.

Wired telephone numbers in Rosamond follow the format (661) 256-xxxx and the entire city is included in ZIP Code 93560.

The  California State Legislature is a bicameral state legislature consisting of a lower house, the California State Assembly, with 80 members; and an upper house, the California State Senate, with 40 members.[1] Both houses of the Legislature convene at the California State Capitol in Sacramento. The California state legislature is one of just ten full-time state legislatures in the United States.[2]

The Democratic Party currently holds veto-proof supermajorities in both houses of the California State Legislature.[3] The Assembly consists of 61 Democrats and 18 Republicans, with one vacancy, while the Senate is composed of 29 Democrats and 11 Republicans. Except for a brief period from 1995 to 1996, the Assembly has been in Democratic hands since the 1970 election. The Senate has been under continuous Democratic control since 1970.

New legislators convene each new two-year session, to organize, in the Assembly and Senate chambers, respectively, at noon on the first Monday in December following the election.[4]

After the organizational meeting, both houses are in recess until the first Monday in January, except when the first Monday is January 1 or January 1 is a Sunday, in which case they meet the following Wednesday. Aside from the recess, the legislature is in session year-round.[5]



Ventura County is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 823,318.[3] The largest city is Oxnard, and the county seat is the city of Ventura.[5]

Ventura County comprises the Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Los Angeles-Long Beach, CA Combined Statistical Area. It is also considered the southernmost county along the California Central Coast.[6]

Two of the California Channel Islands are part of the county: Anacapa Island, which is the most visited island in Channel Islands National Park,[7] and San Nicolas Island.

Lassen County is a county in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 34,895.[4] The county seat and only incorporated city is Susanville.[5]

Lassen County comprises the Susanville, California, micropolitan statistical area. A former farming, mining and lumber area, its economy now depends on employment at one federal and two state prisons; the former in Herlong and the latter two in Susanville. In 2007 half the adults in Susanville worked in one of the facilities.[6]

Lassen County was formed on April 1, 1864 from parts of Plumas and Shasta counties following the two-day conflict known as the "Sagebrush War", also called the Roop County War,[7] that started on February 15, 1863.  Due to uncertainties over the California border, the area that is now Lassen County was part of the unofficial Nataqua Territory and Roop County, Nevada during the late 1850s and early 1860s.

The county was named by European Americans after Peter Lassen,[8] along with Lassen Peak, which is in adjoining Shasta County.[9] Lassen was one of General John C. Fremont's guides, and a famous trapper, frontiersman and Indian fighter. He was murdered under mysterious circumstances near the Black Rock Desert in 1859, and his murder was never solved.

El Dorado County, officially the County of El Dorado, is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 181,058.[3] The county seat is Placerville.[5]

El Dorado County is part of the Sacramento-Roseville-Arden-Arcade, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is located entirely in the Sierra Nevada, from the historic Gold Country in the western foothills to the High Sierra in the east.

El Dorado County's population has grown as Greater Sacramento has expanded into the region. In the county's Lake Tahoe area, environmental awareness and environmental protection initiatives have grown along with the population since the 1960 Winter Olympics, hosted at Squaw Valley Ski Resort in neighboring Placer County.

The present-day site of El Dorado County was once home to the Maidu, Washoe, and Miwok Native American tribes, and is notable for being the site of the 1848 gold discovery that sparked the California Gold Rush.[6]  The County of El Dorado was one of California's original 27 counties created effective February 18, 1850 (the number has risen to 58 today).  Its name is derived from the Spanish meaning "the gilded/golden".[7]




Coordinates: 37°N 120°W﻿ / ﻿37°N 120°W﻿ / 37; -120

California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States. With 39.5 million residents across a total area of about 163,696 square miles (423,970 km2), California is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area, and is also the world's thirty-fourth most populous subnational entity, and is the most populated subnational entity in North America. The state capital is Sacramento. The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation's second- and fifth-most populous urban regions, with 18.7 million and 9.7 million residents respectively.[13] Los Angeles is California's most populous city, and the country's second-most populous, after New York City. California also has the nation's most populous county, Los Angeles County, and its largest county by area, San Bernardino County. The City and County of San Francisco is both the country's second most densely populated major city after New York City and the fifth most densely populated county, behind only four of the five New York City boroughs.

California's economy, with a gross state product of $3.0 trillion, is the largest sub-national economy in the world.[14] If it were a country, California would be the fifth-largest economy in the world (larger than the United Kingdom, France, or India),[15] and the 37th-most populous as of 2020[update].[16] The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation's second- and third-largest urban economies ($1.3 trillion and $1.0 trillion respectively as of 2020[update]), after the New York metropolitan area ($2.0 trillion).[17] The San Francisco Bay Area PSA had the nation's highest gross domestic product per capita in 2018 ($106,757) among large primary statistical areas,[18] and is home to four of the world's ten largest companies by market capitalization[19] and four of the world's ten richest people.[20]





– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)




Coordinates: 40°N 4°W﻿ / ﻿40°N 4°W﻿ / 40; -4

– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)





Coordinates: 43°N 12°E﻿ / ﻿43°N 12°E﻿ / 43; 12

– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)  –  [Legend]
Italy (Italian: Italia [iˈtaːlja] (listen)), officially the Italian Republic (Italian: Repubblica Italiana [reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna]),[10][11][12][13]  is a country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands. Italy is located in south-central Europe,[14][15] and it is also considered a part of western Europe.[16][17] A unitary parliamentary republic  with its capital in Rome, the country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 (116,350 sq mi) and shares land borders with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino. Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland (Campione) and a maritime exclave in Tunisian waters (Lampedusa). With around 60 million inhabitants, Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union.




Coordinates: 51°N 9°E﻿ / ﻿51°N 9°E﻿ / 51; 9

– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)
Germany (German: Deutschland, German pronunciation: [ˈdɔʏtʃlant]), officially the Federal Republic of Germany (German: Bundesrepublik Deutschland, listen (help·info)),[e] is a country in Central and Western Europe. Covering an area of 357,022 square kilometres (137,847 sq mi), it lies between the Baltic and North seas to the north, and the Alps to the south. It borders Denmark to the north, Poland and the Czech Republic to the east, Austria and Switzerland to the south, and France, Luxembourg, Belgium, and the Netherlands to the west.



In the administrative divisions of France, the department (French: département, pronounced [depaʁt(ə)mɑ̃]) is one of the three levels of government under the national level ("territorial collectivities"), between the administrative regions and the communes. Ninety-six departments are in metropolitan France, and five are overseas departments, which are also classified as overseas regions. Departments are further subdivided into 334 arrondissements, themselves divided into cantons; the last two have no autonomy, and are used for the organisation of police, fire departments, and sometimes, elections.

Each department is administered by an elected body called a departmental council (conseil départemental [sing.], conseils départementaux [plur.]). From 1800 to April 2015, these were called general councils (conseil général sing. conseils généraux [plur.]).[1] Each council has a president. Their main areas of responsibility include the management of a number of social and welfare allowances, of junior high school (collège) buildings and technical staff, and  local roads and school and rural buses, and a contribution to municipal infrastructures. Local services of the state administration are traditionally organised at departmental level, where the prefect represents the government; however, regions have gained importance since the 2000s, with some department-level services merged into region-level services.

The departments were created in 1790 as a rational replacement of Ancien Régime provinces with a view to strengthen national unity; the title "department" is used to mean a part of a larger whole. Almost all of them were named after physical geographical features (rivers, mountains, or coasts), rather than after historical or cultural territories which could have their own loyalties. The division of France into departments was a project particularly identified with the French revolutionary leader the Abbé Sieyès, although it had already been frequently discussed and written about by many politicians and thinkers. The earliest known suggestion of it is from 1764 in the writings of d'Argenson. They have inspired similar divisions in many countries, some of them former French colonies.

Pour améliorer la vérifiabilité de l'article, merci de citer les sources primaires à travers l'analyse qu'en ont faite des sources secondaires indiquées par des notes de bas de page (modifier l'article).



L'Étrange Festival est un festival de cinéma de genre. Créée en 1993, cette manifestation a lieu tous les ans au Forum des images de Paris, durant la première quinzaine de septembre.

Ce festival est né du constat qu’il devenait de plus en plus difficile d’accéder à un cinéma dit « différent », qui propose pourtant énormément d’œuvres de qualité. Il offre ainsi au grand public la possibilité de voir des films rares, voire inédits, dans les meilleures conditions, à savoir au cinéma.



– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the United Kingdom (green)
England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom.[7][8][9] It shares land borders with Wales to the west and Scotland to the north. The Irish Sea lies west of England and the Celtic Sea to the southwest. England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south. The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain, which lies in the North Atlantic, and includes over 100 smaller islands, such as the Isles of Scilly and the Isle of Wight. It is the largest country of the British Isles.

The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period, but takes its name from the Angles, a Germanic tribe deriving its name from the Anglia peninsula, who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries. England became a unified state in the 10th century, and since the Age of Discovery, which began during the 15th century, has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world.[10] The English language, the Anglican Church, and English law – the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world – developed in England, and the country's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations.[11] The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England, transforming its society into the world's first industrialised nation.[12]

The following is a list of the 15 cantons of the Creuse department, in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:[1]



←

→

Events from the year 1971 in France.





– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)
Portugal (Portuguese: [puɾtuˈɣal]), officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: República Portuguesa [ʁɛˈpuβlikɐ puɾtuˈɣezɐ]),[note 5] is a country located mostly on the Iberian Peninsula, in southwestern Europe. It is the westernmost sovereign state of mainland Europe, being bordered to the west and south by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and east by Spain. Its territory also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira, both autonomous regions with their own regional governments.



Japan (/dʒəˈpæn/; Japanese: 日本, Nippon [ɲippoꜜɴ] (listen) or Nihon [ɲihoꜜɴ] (listen))[a] is an island country in East Asia. Located in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, it borders the Sea of Japan to the west, and stretches from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Taiwan in the south. Japan is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire and comprises an archipelago of 6,852 islands covering 375,000 square kilometers (145,000 sq mi); its five largest islands, from north to south, are Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu, and Okinawa. Tokyo is the country's capital and largest city; other major cities include Osaka and Nagoya.

Japan is the 11th most populous country in the world, as well as one of the most densely populated and urbanized. About three-fourths of the country's terrain is mountainous, concentrating its population of 126.2 million on narrow coastal plains. The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world with more than 37.4 million residents.

Archaeological finds indicate that the archipelago was inhabited as early as the Upper Paleolithic period, though the first written mentions of the islands appear in Chinese texts from the first century AD. Between the fourth and ninth centuries, the kingdoms of Japan became unified under an Emperor and imperial court based in Heian-kyō (modern Kyoto). However, beginning in the twelfth century, political power was instead held by a series of military dictators (shōgun), feudal lords (daimyō), and a class of warrior nobility (samurai). After a century-long period of civil war, the country was unified in 1603 under the Tokugawa shogunate, which enacted a policy of isolation. This period ended in 1854 when a U.S. fleet forced Japan to open trade to the West, leading to the fall of the shogunate and the restoration of imperial power in 1868. In the Meiji period, Japan adopted a Western-style constitution and pursued rapid industrialization and modernization. In 1937, the Empire of Japan invaded China; in 1941, it entered World War II on the side of the Axis powers. After suffering defeat in the Pacific theater and two atomic bombings, Japan surrendered to the Allies in 1945 and came under a brief occupation, during which it adopted a post-war constitution. Japan has since maintained a unitary parliamentary constitutional monarchy, with the Emperor as the head of state and an elected legislature known as the National Diet.





– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)





Coordinates: 51°N 9°E﻿ / ﻿51°N 9°E﻿ / 51; 9

– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)
Germany (German: Deutschland, German pronunciation: [ˈdɔʏtʃlant]), officially the Federal Republic of Germany (German: Bundesrepublik Deutschland, listen (help·info)),[e] is a country in Central and Western Europe. Covering an area of 357,022 square kilometres (137,847 sq mi), it lies between the Baltic and North seas to the north, and the Alps to the south. It borders Denmark to the north, Poland and the Czech Republic to the east, Austria and Switzerland to the south, and France, Luxembourg, Belgium, and the Netherlands to the west.





– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)




The culture of Germany has been shaped by major intellectual and popular currents in Europe, both religious and secular. Historically, Germany has been called Das Land der Dichter und Denker (the country of poets and thinkers).[1]

There are a number of public holidays in Germany. The country is particularly known for its Oktoberfest celebrations in Munich, its carnival culture and globally influential Christmas customs known as Weihnachten.[2][3] 3 October has been the national day of Germany since 1990, celebrated as the German Unity Day (Tag der Deutschen Einheit). The UNESCO inscribed 38 properties in Germany on the World Heritage List.[4]

Germany was the world's second most respected nation among 50 countries in 2013.[5] A global opinion poll for the BBC revealed that Germany is recognized for having the most positive influence in the world in 2011, 2013, and 2014.[6][7][8]

Topics related to Germany (sorted alphabetically) include:



Bavaria (/bəˈvɛəriə/; German and Bavarian: Bayern [ˈbaɪɐn]), officially the Free State of Bavaria (German and Bavarian: Freistaat Bayern [ˈfʁaɪʃtaːt ˈbaɪɐn]), is a landlocked state of Germany, occupying its southeastern corner. With an area of 70,550.19 square kilometres (27,239.58 sq mi) Bavaria is the largest German state by land area comprising roughly a fifth of the total land area of Germany. With 13 million inhabitants, it is Germany's second-most-populous state after North Rhine-Westphalia. Bavaria's main cities are Munich (its capital and largest city and also the third largest city in Germany[4]), Nuremberg, and Augsburg.

The history of Bavaria includes its earliest settlement by Iron Age Celtic tribes, followed by the conquests of the Roman Empire in the 1st century BC, when the territory was incorporated into the provinces of Raetia and Noricum. It became a stem duchy in the 6th century AD following the collapse of the Western Roman Empire. It was later incorporated into the Holy Roman Empire, became an independent kingdom, joined the Prussian-led German Empire in 1871 while retaining its title of kingdom, and finally became a state of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1949.[5]

Bavaria has a unique culture, largely because of the state's large Catholic plurality and conservative traditions.[6] Bavarians have traditionally been proud of their culture, which includes a language, cuisine, architecture, festivals such as Oktoberfest and elements of Alpine symbolism.[7] The state also has the second largest economy among the German states by GDP figures, giving it a status as a rather wealthy German region.[8]




Coordinates: 43°N 12°E﻿ / ﻿43°N 12°E﻿ / 43; 12

– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)  –  [Legend]
Italy (Italian: Italia [iˈtaːlja] (listen)), officially the Italian Republic (Italian: Repubblica Italiana [reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna]),[10][11][12][13]  is a country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands. Italy is located in south-central Europe,[14][15] and it is also considered a part of western Europe.[16][17] A unitary parliamentary republic  with its capital in Rome, the country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 (116,350 sq mi) and shares land borders with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino. Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland (Campione) and a maritime exclave in Tunisian waters (Lampedusa). With around 60 million inhabitants, Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union.

Regensburg is a Landkreis (district) in Bavaria, Germany. It is bounded by (from the north, in clockwise direction) the districts of Schwandorf, Cham, Straubing-Bogen, Kelheim and Neumarkt. The city of Regensburg is enclosed by it, but is not part of the district; nonetheless it is its administrative seat.

The region became a part of Bavaria in the late 12th century, when the line of the counts of Regensburg and Stefling came to an end. While Regensburg became a Free Imperial City (meaning subordinate to the emperor only), the surrounding lands were Bavarian property.

While the district dates back to medieval times, its present shape was established in 1972.

The district is located on either side of the Danube. Another major river is the Regen which joins the Danube in Regensburg. In its northernmost parts the district is occupied by the foothills of the Bavarian Forest.

Overseas

Serbs (German: Serben in Deutschland; Serbian: Срби у Немачкој/Srbi u Nemačkoj) are the seventh largest group of foreigners in Germany.[3] Most Serbs living in Germany moved during the 1960s and 1970s as Gastarbeiter or "Guest workers" when Serbia was part of Yugoslavia. A small percentage of Serbs migrated to Germany as refugees during the Yugoslav Wars of the 1990s.

The majority (64%) of the Serbian population is concentrated in three federal states: North Rhine-Westphalia, Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria. Within the three states the Serbs are numerous in Düsseldorf, Stuttgart and especially Munich.[4] Ulm had the highest share of migrants from Serbia in 2011 according to German Census data. [5] But a considerable part of the Serbian Migrants was not included, because it still went under former nationalities (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Serbia and Montenegro, Serbia until 2008) at the time of the census.
According to the Federal Statistical Office, at the end of 2015 the number of foreigners with Serbian nationality in Germany stood at 230,427. Another 29,785 foreigners living in Germany with the citizenship of the former Serbia and Montenegro have not yet decided on one of the possible new citizenships.[3][3]

Official data:

Baden-Württemberg (/ˌbɑːdən ˈvɜːrtəmbɜːrɡ/,[5] German: [ˌbaːdn̩ ˈvʏʁtəmbɛʁk] (listen)) is a state in southwest Germany, east of the Rhine, which forms the border with France. It is Germany's third-largest state, with an area of 35,751 km2 (13,804 sq mi) and 11 million inhabitants.[6] Baden-Württemberg is a parliamentary republic and partly sovereign, federated state which was formed in 1952 by a merger of the states of Württemberg-Baden, Baden and Württemberg-Hohenzollern. The largest city in Baden-Württemberg is the state capital of Stuttgart, followed by Karlsruhe and Mannheim. Other cities are Freiburg im Breisgau, Heidelberg, Heilbronn, Pforzheim, Reutlingen, Tübingen and Ulm.

The sobriquet Ländle ("little land" in the local Swabian and Alemannic German dialects) is sometimes used as a synonym for Baden-Württemberg.[7][8]

Baden-Württemberg is formed from the historical territories of Baden, Prussian Hohenzollern, and Württemberg.[9]

In 100 AD, the Roman Empire invaded and occupied Württemberg, constructing a limes (fortified boundary zone) along its northern borders. Over the course of the third century AD, the Alemanni forced the Romans to retreat west beyond the Rhine and Danube rivers. In 496 AD the Alemanni were defeated by a Frankish invasion led by Clovis I.



West Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany (FRG; German: Bundesrepublik Deutschland, BRD; listen) and retrospectively designated the Bonn Republic,[3] was a state that existed between its formation on 23 May 1949 and German reunification on 3 October 1990. During this Cold War period, the western portion of Germany was part of the Western Bloc. The FRG was created during the Allied occupation of Germany after World War II, established from eleven states formed in the three Allied zones of occupation held by the United States, the United Kingdom and France. Its capital was the city of Bonn.

At the onset of the Cold War, Europe was divided among the Western and Eastern blocs. Germany was de facto divided into two countries and two special territories, the Saarland and a divided Berlin. Initially, the FRG claimed an exclusive mandate for all of Germany, considering itself to be the sole democratically reorganised continuation of the 1871–1945 German Reich. It took the line that the German Democratic Republic (GDR), commonly referred to as East Germany, was an illegally constituted puppet state. Although the GDR did hold regular elections, these were neither free nor fair and West Germany considered them illegitimate.

Three southwestern states of West Germany merged to form Baden-Württemberg in 1952 and the Saarland joined the FRG in 1957. In addition to the resulting ten states, West Berlin was considered a de facto eleventh state. While legally not part of the FRG as Berlin was under the control of the Allied Control Council, West Berlin politically aligned itself with West Germany and was directly or indirectly represented in its federal institutions. The foundation for the influential position held by Germany today was laid during the economic miracle of the 1950s (Wirtschaftswunder) when West Germany rose from the enormous destruction wrought by World War II to become the world's third-largest economy. The first chancellor Konrad Adenauer, who remained in office until 1963, had worked for a full alignment with NATO rather than neutrality. He not only secured a membership in NATO but was also a proponent of agreements which developed into the present-day European Union. When the G6 was established in 1975, there was no question as to whether West Germany would become a member.



Japan (/dʒəˈpæn/; Japanese: 日本, Nippon [ɲippoꜜɴ] (listen) or Nihon [ɲihoꜜɴ] (listen))[a] is an island country in East Asia. Located in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, it borders the Sea of Japan to the west, and stretches from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Taiwan in the south. Japan is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire and comprises an archipelago of 6,852 islands covering 375,000 square kilometers (145,000 sq mi); its five largest islands, from north to south, are Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu, and Okinawa. Tokyo is the country's capital and largest city; other major cities include Osaka and Nagoya.

Japan is the 11th most populous country in the world, as well as one of the most densely populated and urbanized. About three-fourths of the country's terrain is mountainous, concentrating its population of 126.2 million on narrow coastal plains. The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world with more than 37.4 million residents.

Archaeological finds indicate that the archipelago was inhabited as early as the Upper Paleolithic period, though the first written mentions of the islands appear in Chinese texts from the first century AD. Between the fourth and ninth centuries, the kingdoms of Japan became unified under an Emperor and imperial court based in Heian-kyō (modern Kyoto). However, beginning in the twelfth century, political power was instead held by a series of military dictators (shōgun), feudal lords (daimyō), and a class of warrior nobility (samurai). After a century-long period of civil war, the country was unified in 1603 under the Tokugawa shogunate, which enacted a policy of isolation. This period ended in 1854 when a U.S. fleet forced Japan to open trade to the West, leading to the fall of the shogunate and the restoration of imperial power in 1868. In the Meiji period, Japan adopted a Western-style constitution and pursued rapid industrialization and modernization. In 1937, the Empire of Japan invaded China; in 1941, it entered World War II on the side of the Axis powers. After suffering defeat in the Pacific theater and two atomic bombings, Japan surrendered to the Allies in 1945 and came under a brief occupation, during which it adopted a post-war constitution. Japan has since maintained a unitary parliamentary constitutional monarchy, with the Emperor as the head of state and an elected legislature known as the National Diet.

Tönisvorst is a town in the district of Viersen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is situated approximately 5 km west of Krefeld.



Kelheim is a Landkreis (district) in Bavaria, Germany, bound (from the north and clockwise) by the regions Regensburg, Landshut, Freising, Pfaffenhofen, Eichstätt and Neumarkt.

The district is located halfway between Ingolstadt and Regensburg on both banks of the Danube. In the northwestern part it includes a part of the Altmühl Valley Nature Park and the confluence of Altmühl and Danube.

Coordinates: 48°50′N 11°50′E﻿ / ﻿48.83°N 11.83°E﻿ / 48.83; 11.83





in Europe (green & dark grey)
Ireland (/ˈaɪərlənd/ (listen); Irish: Éire [ˈeːɾʲə] (listen); Ulster-Scots: Airlann [ˈɑːrlən]) is an island in the North Atlantic. It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel, the Irish Sea, and St George's Channel. Ireland is the second-largest island of the British Isles, the third-largest in Europe, and the twentieth-largest on Earth.[6]

Cham is a Landkreis (district) in Bavaria, Germany. It is bounded by (from the south and clockwise) the districts of Regen, Straubing-Bogen, Regensburg and Schwandorf and by the Czech Plzeň Region.

The first historical date in the regional history is the year 748, when the bishop of Regensburg ordered the foundation of a monastery in the sparsely populated region. About 100 years later, the royal castle of Cham was built and became a summer residence for the Holy Roman Emperors. The region was called Campriche or Mark Cham. In 1204, the Mark Cham became subject to Bavaria, in 1352 to the Electorate of the Palatinate and in the 17th century back to Bavaria. Nowadays, Cham still enjoys the laid-back lifestyle from the days of yore. Many projects have been initiated to give this area an impetus to grow, yet in spite of this, it is still one of the least-populated regions in Germany.

The district is located in the northern parts of the Bavarian Forest. It is situated within the borders of the Upper Bavarian Forest Nature Park. The highest mountain is the Großer Arber at 1439 m, located near the Germany–Czech Republic border. The Regen river enters the district in the southeast and leaves to the west; most of the settled places are situated along this river and its main tributary, the Chamb coming from the Czech border.

Coordinates: 49°15′N 12°40′E﻿ / ﻿49.25°N 12.67°E﻿ / 49.25; 12.67

North America

South America

Oceania

Croats in Germany (German: Kroaten in Deutschland; Croatian: Hrvati u Njemačkoj) refers to persons living in Germany who have total or partial Croatian ancestry. They form the 6th largest ethnic minority in Germany.[3] In 2014, there were 270,528 Croats holding Croatian citizenship and living in Germany.  Croatia's State Office for the Croats Abroad, Croatian embassy in Berlin and Croatian Catholic Missions estimated that there are more than 350,000 Croats and their descendants living in Germany.[1]



Coordinates: 40°N 4°W﻿ / ﻿40°N 4°W﻿ / 40; -4

– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)


Landshut is a Landkreis (district) in Bavaria, Germany. It is bounded by (from the north and clockwise) the districts of Kelheim, Straubing-Bogen, Dingolfing-Landau, Rottal-Inn, Mühldorf, Erding and Freising. The city of Landshut is enclosed by, but does not belong to the district. It is nonetheless its administrative seat.

The city of Landshut was founded in 1204 by the ruling Wittelsbach family of Bavaria. Since then the region has always been a part of Bavaria.
Heinrich Himmler attended Landshut Grammar School, He would go on to become Reichsführer-SS of the Schutzstaffel in Nazi Germany and one of the organizers of the Holocaust.
The present district was established in 1972 by merging the former districts of Landshut, Rottenburg and Vilsbiburg and adding some municipalities of surrounding districts.

The district comprises plain countryside on both banks of the Isar river.

Many residents work at the Dingolfing BMW (formerly Glas) car plant which expanded massively during the 1970s.   Others commute daily to Munich, which is about 46 miles (74 km) to the southwest.




Coordinates: 51°N 9°E﻿ / ﻿51°N 9°E﻿ / 51; 9

– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)
Germany (German: Deutschland, German pronunciation: [ˈdɔʏtʃlant]), officially the Federal Republic of Germany (German: Bundesrepublik Deutschland, listen (help·info)),[e] is a country in Central and Western Europe. Covering an area of 357,022 square kilometres (137,847 sq mi), it lies between the Baltic and North seas to the north, and the Alps to the south. It borders Denmark to the north, Poland and the Czech Republic to the east, Austria and Switzerland to the south, and France, Luxembourg, Belgium, and the Netherlands to the west.





Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta (/ˈstɛfəni ˌdʒɜːrməˈnɒtə/ STEF-ən-ee JUR-mə-NOT-ə) (born March 28, 1986), known professionally as Lady Gaga, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, and businesswoman. She is known for reinventing herself throughout her career and for her versatility in numerous areas of the entertainment industry. Gaga began performing as a teenager, singing at open mic nights and acting in school plays. She studied at Collaborative Arts Project 21, through New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, before dropping out to pursue a music career. When Def Jam Recordings canceled her contract, she worked as a songwriter for Sony/ATV Music Publishing, where Akon helped her sign a joint deal with Interscope Records and his own label KonLive Distribution in 2007. She rose to prominence the following year with her debut album, the electropop record The Fame, and its singles "Just Dance", "Poker Face", and "Paparazzi". The album was later reissued to include the EP The Fame Monster (2009), which yielded the successful singles "Bad Romance", "Telephone", and "Alejandro".

Gaga's second full-length album, Born This Way (2011), explored electronic rock and techno-pop and debuted atop the US Billboard 200 with more than one million copies sold. Its title track became the fastest-selling song on the iTunes Store with over a million downloads in less than a week. Gaga continued to top the US charts with her EDM-influenced third studio album, Artpop (2013), her duet jazz album with Tony Bennett, Cheek to Cheek (2014), and her soft rock-influenced fifth studio album, Joanne (2016). During this period, she ventured into acting, playing leading roles in the miniseries American Horror Story: Hotel (2015–2016), for which she received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress, and the critically acclaimed musical drama film A Star Is Born (2018). She also contributed to the latter's soundtrack, which yielded the chart-topping single "Shallow", and made her the first woman to win an Academy, Grammy, BAFTA, and Golden Globe Award in one year. Gaga released her sixth studio album, Chromatica, in 2020.



"Bad Romance" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third extended play, The Fame Monster (2009). It was written and produced by Nadir "RedOne" Khayat and Lady Gaga. Lyrically, "Bad Romance" explores Gaga's attraction to individuals with whom romance never works, her preference for lonely relationships and the paranoia she experienced while on tour. Following an illegal demo leak, Gaga showcased the final product at Alexander McQueen's show at the Paris Fashion Week in October 2009, followed by the release of the single's cover art. Musically, "Bad Romance" features a spoken bridge, a full-throated chorus and sung lyrics about being in love with one's best friend. The song, which is imbued with elements of German-esque house and techno, as well as music from the 1980s and 1990s, was touted by Gaga as an experimental pop record. During the bridge Gaga sings a part of the chorus ("I want your love and I want your revenge") in French.

Most commentators praised "Bad Romance", calling it one of the highlights of the album. It was included in the 'best-of' lists in several media outlets such as Rolling Stone and Pitchfork Media, and won two Grammy Awards for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and Best Short Form Music Video. In the US, "Bad Romance" peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, and it has been certified 11-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), having sold 5.9 million digital downloads as of February 2019. It topped the charts in more than 20 countries and sold 12 million copies worldwide, becoming one of the best-selling singles of all time.

The accompanying music video of "Bad Romance" features Gaga inside a surreal white bathhouse. There, she gets kidnapped by a group of supermodels who drug her and sell her to the Russian mafia for sexual slavery. The video ends with Gaga live incinerating the man who had bought her. It garnered massive acclaim from critics, who complimented the risqué and symbolic nature of the plot, as well as its artistic direction and vivid imagery. It was chosen as the best music video of the 21st century by Billboard.[2] At the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, it was nominated for ten awards, where Gaga won seven, including Video of the Year. Gaga has performed "Bad Romance" on various television programs, such as Saturday Night Live and The Jay Leno Show, the 2009 American Music Awards, her concert tours and residency shows, and at the Super Bowl LI halftime show.





Robyn Rihanna Fenty (/riˈænə/ ree-AN-ə;[1][n 1] born February 20, 1988)[2] is a Barbadian singer, songwriter, actress, and businesswoman who is known for embracing various musical styles and reinventing her image throughout her career. Born in Saint Michael and raised in Bridgetown, Barbados, Rihanna moved to the US in 2005 when she signed with Def Jam. She earned significant recognition following the release of her first two studio albums, Music of the Sun (2005) and A Girl like Me (2006), both of which were influenced by Caribbean music and peaked within the top ten of the US Billboard 200 chart.

Rihanna's third album, Good Girl Gone Bad (2007), which incorporated elements of dance-pop, catapulted her to greater stardom, establishing her status as a sex symbol and a leading figure in the music industry. Its international chart-topping single "Umbrella" earned Rihanna her first Grammy Award, winning Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. Rihanna extended her fusion of pop, dance, and R&B on her next four albums, Rated R (2009), Loud (2010), Talk That Talk (2011), and the Grammy Award-winning Unapologetic (2012). All four releases incorporated experimentation of various musical styles and consolidated Rihanna's international chart success, Unapologetic being her first number-one album in the US. The records spawned a string of chart-topping singles, including "Rude Boy", "Only Girl (In the World)", "What's My Name?", "S&M", "We Found Love", "Diamonds", and "Stay". Her eighth album, Anti (2016), showcased her control over artistic creativity after her departure from Def Jam. It became her second US number-one album and featured the chart-topping single "Work". Besides solo material, Rihanna has collaborated with recording artists such as Drake, Eminem, and Calvin Harris.



"Poker Face" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her debut studio album, The Fame (2008). It was released on September 26, 2008, as the album's second single. "Poker Face" is a synth-pop song in the key of G♯ minor, following in the footsteps of her previous single "Just Dance", but with a darker musical tone. The main idea behind the song is bisexuality and was a tribute by Gaga to her rock and roll boyfriends. The song's lyrics feature various sexual innuendos.

"Poker Face" was acclaimed by most critics, who praised the song's robotic hook and chorus. The song attained worldwide success, topping the charts in 20 countries including the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and many European countries. "Poker Face" is the best-selling single of 2009 worldwide, with over 9.5 million in sales that year. It is one of the best-selling singles of all time, having sold over 14 million copies. The accompanying music video for the song portrays Gaga singing it in various costumes and playing strip poker in a getaway villa.

Gaga performed the song on the eighth season of the television show American Idol, besides multiple other television appearances,  as well as the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, all of her concert tours, and the Super Bowl LI halftime show. "Poker Face" was nominated for both Song of the Year and Record of the Year at the 52nd Grammy Awards, and won the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording.



"Telephone" is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga for her third EP, The Fame Monster (2009), the reissue of her debut studio album The Fame (2008). The song features American singer Beyoncé. The song was written by Gaga, Rodney Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Lazonate Franklin and Beyoncé. Inspired by her fear of suffocation, Gaga explained that the lyrics preferring relaxing on the dance floor to answering her lover's phone call are a metaphor, the phone calling her representing the fear of not having worked hard enough to succeed. With the track succeeding her fourth single from The Fame, "Paparazzi", the duet additionally embodies a fear of being suffocated and trapped by the media. Originally, Gaga wrote the song for Britney Spears, who recorded a demo. Musically, "Telephone" consists of an expanded bridge, verse-rap and a sampled voice of an operator announcing that the phone line is unreachable. Beyoncé appears in the middle of the song, singing the verses in a rapid-fire way, accompanied by double beats.

The song received positive reviews from critics who frequently noted "Telephone" as a stand-out track from The Fame Monster. It was Grammy-nominated for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals in 2011. "Telephone" charted in a number of countries due to digital sales following the album's release, namely in the United States, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden and Hungary. The song was particularly successful in Europe where it reached the top of the charts in Belgium, Denmark, Hungary, Ireland, Norway and the United Kingdom. According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, the single sold 7.4 million digital copies worldwide in 2010, making it one of Gaga's best-selling singles.[2]

The accompanying music video is a continuation of the video for her 2009 song, "Paparazzi", and is also shot as a short film. After Gaga gets bailed out of prison by Beyoncé, they go to a diner and poison the guests having breakfast. After the homicide they escape and end up in a high-speed police chase. The video referenced Quentin Tarantino and his films Pulp Fiction (1994) and Kill Bill: Volume 1 (2003). The video received generally positive reviews and was nominated for three awards at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, including one for Video of the Year. In January 2015 Billboard named it the best video of the first half of the decade. In memory of Alexander McQueen, Gaga performed an acoustic rendition of "Telephone" mixed with "Dance in the Dark" at the 2010 BRIT Awards. It was also performed during the Super Bowl LI halftime show, and many of the singer’s later tours, the most recent being the Joanne World Tour (2017–2018).





Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), known by her stage name Katy Perry, is an American singer, songwriter and television judge. After singing in church during her childhood, she pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager. Perry signed with Red Hill Records and released her debut studio album Katy Hudson under her birth name in 2001, which was commercially unsuccessful. She moved to Los Angeles the following year to venture into secular music after Red Hill ceased operations and she subsequently began working with producers Glen Ballard, Dr. Luke, and Max Martin. After adopting the stage name Katy Perry and being dropped by The Island Def Jam Music Group and Columbia Records, she signed a recording contract with Capitol Records in April 2007.

Perry rose to fame in 2008 with her second album, One of the Boys, a pop rock record containing the singles "I Kissed a Girl" and "Hot n Cold". The former track also sparked controversy for its themes of lesbianism. Her third album, Teenage Dream (2010), ventured into disco, and was her first record to top the U.S. Billboard 200. It peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 with the singles "California Gurls", "Teenage Dream", "Firework", "E.T.", and "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)", while "The One That Got Away" reached number three on the chart. The album became the first by a female artist to produce five number one songs in the U.S., and the second overall after Michael Jackson's Bad. In 2012, Perry re-issued the album as Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection, which produced the songs "Part of Me" and "Wide Awake". Her next record was Prism (2013), which became her second to top the U.S. charts. It is influenced by pop and dance, and she became the first artist with multiple videos to reach one billion views on Vevo with the videos for its songs "Roar" and "Dark Horse". She followed this with 2017's Witness, which delved into electropop and became her third album to chart at number one in the U.S. "Chained to the Rhythm" was the album's most successful single, breaking Spotify's record at the time for most first-day streams for a song by a female artist. Her sixth album will be released on August 14, 2020.





Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say; born September 4, 1981)[5] is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Beyoncé performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as the lead singer of Destiny's Child, one of the best-selling girl groups of all time. 

During Destiny's Child's hiatus, Beyoncé made her theatrical film debut with a role in the US box-office number-one Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002) and recorded her first solo album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which debuted at the top of the US Billboard 200 chart. It also featured the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy". Following the disbandment of Destiny's Child in 2006, she released her second solo album, B'Day, which contained the US number-one single "Irreplaceable", as well as the UK number-one singles "Déjà Vu" and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé continued her acting career with starring roles in The Pink Panther (2006), Dreamgirls (2006), and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay-Z and her portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010. It spawned the UK number-one single "If I Were a Boy" and the US number-one single "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". 



"Just Dance" is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga. She co-wrote the song with Akon and its producer RedOne. It also features vocals from Colby O'Donis and was released on April 8, 2008 as the lead single from Gaga's debut studio album, The Fame. The song was written by Gaga in 10 minutes as "a happy record". "Just Dance" lyrically speaks about being intoxicated at a club.

The song received positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its club, anthem-like nature and the synth-pop associated with it. The song reached number one in the United States, Australia, Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, as well as the top five in the Czech Republic, Hungary, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland, Spain, and Sweden. In the United States, "Just Dance" was a sleeper hit, spending almost five months on the Billboard Hot 100 before finally reaching the chart's summit in January 2009. The single is among the best-selling singles of all time, having sold over 10 million copies.

The music video of the song portrayed Lady Gaga appearing in a party where she plays the song, prompting party-goers to start dancing in enjoyment. Gaga compared her experience of shooting the video with being on a Martin Scorsese movie set. "Just Dance" was performed by Gaga in a number of live appearances,  such as Jimmy Kimmel Live! and The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, all of her concert tours, and the Super Bowl LI halftime show. She usually plays on a keytar while performing the song. In 2009, the song received a Grammy nomination in the Best Dance Recording category but lost to electronic duo Daft Punk for their song "Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger (Alive 2007)".[2]





Onika Tanya Maraj-Petty (born December 8, 1982),[3][4] known by her stage name Nicki Minaj (/mɪˈnɑːʒ/), is a Trinidad and Tobago-born rapper, singer, and songwriter.[5] Born in Saint James, Port of Spain, and raised in Queens, New York City, she gained public recognition after releasing the mixtapes Playtime Is Over (2007), Sucka Free (2008), and Beam Me Up Scotty (2009).

After signing with Young Money Entertainment in 2009, Minaj released her first studio album, Pink Friday (2010), which peaked at number one on the US Billboard 200 and was ultimately certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).[6] Her second album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded, was released in 2012 and debuted at number one in several countries. Minaj made her film debut in the 2012 animated film Ice Age: Continental Drift. In 2013, she was a judge on the twelfth season of American Idol. Minaj's third studio album, The Pinkprint, was released in 2014. She subsequently played supporting roles in the films The Other Woman (2014) and Barbershop: The Next Cut (2016). Her fourth studio album, Queen, was released in 2018.





Kesha Rose Sebert (/ˈkɛʃə ˈsiːbərt/; born March 1, 1987)[1] (formerly stylised as Ke$ha) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, and actress. In 2005, at age 18, Kesha was signed to Kemosabe Records. Her first major success came in early 2009 after she was featured on American rapper Flo Rida's number-one single "Right Round".

Kesha's music and image propelled her to immediate success. She has earned two number-one albums on the US Billboard 200 with Animal (2010) and Rainbow (2017), and the top-ten records Warrior (2012) and High Road (2020). Kesha has attained ten top-ten singles on the US Billboard Hot 100, including "Blah Blah Blah", "Your Love Is My Drug", "Take It Off", "Blow", "Die Young", "My First Kiss" with 3OH!3, and the chart-topping "Tik Tok", "We R Who We R", "Right Round" with Flo Rida, and "Timber" with Pitbull. "Tik Tok", at one point, was the best-selling digital single in history, selling over 16.5 million units internationally. As of November 2019, the song has sold over 25 million copies.



The Fame is the debut studio album by American singer Lady Gaga. It was released on August 19, 2008, by Interscope Records. After joining Kon Live Distribution and Cherrytree Records in 2008, Gaga began working on the album with different producers, primarily RedOne, Martin Kierszenbaum, and Rob Fusari. Musically, The Fame is an electropop, synth-pop, and dance-pop album that displays influences from 1980s music. Lyrically, it visualizes Gaga's love of fame in general, while also dealing with subjects such as love, sex, money, drugs, and sexual identity. The album was primarily promoted through The Fame Ball Tour and multiple television appearances, and was reissued as a deluxe edition with The Fame Monster on November 18, 2009.

The album received generally favorable reviews from critics, who commended its lyrical content and Gaga's musicianship and vocal ability. It was a commercial success, topping the charts in several countries including the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Ireland, Poland, and Switzerland. In the United States, it peaked at number two on the Billboard 200, and also topped the Dance/Electronic Albums chart for 110 non-consecutive weeks. The Fame became the fifth best-selling album of 2009, and has sold over 4.9 million copies in the United States as of January 2019. Combined with The Fame Monster, the album had sold over 15 million copies worldwide as of May 2019.

Gaga promoted the album with many television performances, award shows and also in her first headlining tour, The Fame Ball Tour in 2009. The first two singles "Just Dance" and "Poker Face" gained international success, topping the charts in several countries worldwide including the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia. The subsequent singles "LoveGame" and "Paparazzi" were commercial successes as well, charting within the top-ten of over ten countries worldwide. "Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" had a limited single release, while "Beautiful, Dirty, Rich" served as a promotional single.



Miley Ray Cyrus (born Destiny Hope Cyrus; November 23, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. Her music has spanned a range of styles, including pop, country pop, and hip hop. Cyrus' personal life, public image, and performances have often sparked controversy and received widespread media coverage. She is one of the most successful entertainers in adulthood who originated as a child star.[6] Among numerous awards and nominations, Cyrus was included on the Time 100 list in both 2008 and 2014, named MTV's Artist of the Year in 2013, and was ranked 62nd on Billboard's Top 125 Artists of All Time list in 2019.[7]

Cyrus was born in Franklin, Tennessee, and is a daughter of country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus. She became a teen idol as the title character of the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana (2006–2011), through which media franchise she attained two number-one and three top-ten soundtracks on the US Billboard 200, and the top-ten single "He Could Be the One" on the US Billboard Hot 100. Cyrus' own discography includes the US number-one albums Meet Miley Cyrus (2007), Breakout (2008), and Bangerz (2013); the top-five releases Can't Be Tamed (2010), Younger Now (2017), and She Is Coming (2019); and Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz (2015), which was released for free online streaming on SoundCloud. Her singles include the US top ten-charting "See You Again", "7 Things", "The Climb", "Party in the U.S.A.", "Can't Be Tamed", "We Can't Stop", "Malibu", and the chart-topping "Wrecking Ball". Cyrus is working on her upcoming seventh studio album, She Is Miley Cyrus.

Cyrus' filmography includes the animated film Bolt (2008), and the feature films Hannah Montana: The Movie (2009) and The Last Song (2010). On television, she was the host of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards and has hosted Saturday Night Live three times since 2011. Cyrus has been featured as a coach on the singing competition television series The Voice; she has appeared in two seasons of the show since her debut in 2016. In 2019, she became the first female to enter the Billboard charts under three different names with her entry as the character Ashley O, whom she portrayed in an episode of the science fiction television series Black Mirror.[8]



"Paparazzi" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her debut studio album, The Fame (2008). It was released as the album's fifth and final single by Interscope Records. Gaga wrote and produced the song with Rob Fusari. The song portrays Gaga's struggles in her quest for fame, as well as balancing success and love. Musically, it is an uptempo techno-pop and dance-pop song whose lyrics describe a stalker following somebody to grab attention and fame.

The single was released on July 6, 2009, in the United Kingdom and four days later in Australia. "LoveGame" initially had been planned as the third single release in the UK, but when its lyrics and music video were deemed potentially controversial, it was decided that "Paparazzi" would be released instead. "Paparazzi" was critically acclaimed for its "fun-filled" and club-friendly nature. It was also commercially successful, reaching top-ten positions in the music charts of Australia, Canada, Ireland, the United Kingdom, and the United States and topping the charts in the Czech Republic, Germany and Scotland.

The accompanying music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund and portrays Gaga as a doomed starlet, hounded by photographers, who is almost killed by her boyfriend (played by Alexander Skarsgård). It shows her survival, comeback, revenge on her boyfriend, and experiences on the way to fame. The video won two MTV Video Music Awards in 2009 for Best Art Direction and Best Special Effects. Gaga performed the song at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards in a performance art piece symbolizing the negative effect of fame leading to death. Additional live performances of the song took place on her concert tours, more recently the Joanne World Tour (2017–2018).



The Haus of Gaga is the personal creative team of singer Lady Gaga and is responsible for much of her distinctive and individual style. The Haus creates most of the clothing, props, stage sets, and makeup for Gaga's live performances and other visual representations of her work. Similarly, the individual pieces that artistically represent the style and themes emphasized by Gaga. These creations are brought together in combination with visuals and sound to create a complete collection for music videos and other appearances. Pieces by Haus include the "disco stick", "iPod LCD glasses", the "meat dress" worn at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, and the "egg" vessel Gaga arrived in at the 53rd Annual Grammy Awards.

The Haus of Gaga is modeled after Andy Warhol's Factory and emulates the creative atmosphere it is known for. Inspired by Warhol's concepts, his ideas are often referenced in Gaga's work and the innovative technologies conceived by the Haus. "Warhol said art should be meaningful in the most shallow way," Gaga explained in an interview. "He was able to make commercial art that was taken seriously as fine art ... that's what I'm doing too."[6] The team is composed of people from around the world. As the artist explained:

I called all my coolest art friends and we sat in a room and I said that I wanted to make my face light up. Or that I wanted to make my cane light up. Or that I wanted to make a pair of dope sunglasses. Or that I want to make video glasses, or whatever it was that I wanted to do. It's a whole amazing creative process that’s completely separate from the label.[7]





Jessica Ellen Cornish (born 27 March 1988),[1] better known by her stage name Jessie J, is an English singer and songwriter. Born and raised in London, she began her career on stage, aged 11, with a role in the West End musical Whistle Down the Wind. She studied at the BRIT School before signing with Gut Records and striking a songwriting deal with Sony/ATV Music Publishing.

After signing with Republic Records, Jessie J came to prominence following the release of her debut single "Do It Like a Dude". Her next song "Price Tag" topped the charts in nineteen countries including the UK and was followed by the release of her debut album Who You Are (2011), which charted at number two in the UK. Other releases from the album included "Nobody's Perfect", "Who You Are", "Domino" and "Laserlight", which all charted within the top 10 in the UK Singles Chart, making Jessie J the first British female artist to have six top ten singles from a studio album.[2] "Domino" also resulted in further international chart success, peaking at number six on the US Billboard Hot 100 and becoming her second number-one single in the UK. In 2012, Jessie J performed at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Concert outside Buckingham Palace in June, as well as the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games in London on 12 August.



Alicia Augello-Cook Dean (born January 25, 1981), better known by her stage name Alicia Keys, is an  American singer, songwriter, actress, record producer, author, and pianist. A classically-trained pianist, Keys was composing songs by age 12 and was signed at 15 years old by Columbia Records. After disputes with the label, she signed with Arista Records, and later released her debut album, Songs in A Minor, with J Records in 2001. The album was critically and commercially successful, producing her first Billboard Hot 100 number-one single "Fallin'" and selling over 16 million copies worldwide. The album earned Keys five Grammy Awards in 2002. Her second album, The Diary of Alicia Keys (2003), was also a critical and commercial success, spawning successful singles "You Don't Know My Name", "If I Ain't Got You", and "Diary", and selling eight million copies worldwide.[1] The album garnered her an additional four Grammy Awards.[2] Her duet "My Boo" with Usher became her second number-one single in 2004. Keys released her first live album, Unplugged (2005), and became the first woman to have an MTV Unplugged album debut at number one.

Her third album, As I Am (2007), produced the Hot 100 number-one single "No One", selling 7 million copies worldwide and earning an additional three Grammy Awards. In 2007, Keys made her film debut in the action-thriller film Smokin' Aces. She, along with Jack White, recorded "Another Way to Die" (the title song to the 22nd official James Bond film, Quantum of Solace). Her fourth album, The Element of Freedom (2009), became her first chart-topping album in the UK, and sold 4 million copies worldwide. In 2009, Keys also collaborated with Jay Z on "Empire State of Mind", which became her fourth number-one single and won the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. Girl on Fire (2012) was her fifth Billboard 200 topping album, spawning the successful title track, and won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album. In 2013, VH1 Storytellers was released as her second live album. Her sixth studio album, Here (2016), became her seventh US R&B/Hip-Hop chart-topping album. Her seventh studio album, Alicia, is scheduled to be released in 2020.

Keys has received numerous accolades in her career, including 15 competitive Grammy Awards, 17 NAACP Image Awards, 12 ASCAP Awards, and an award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame and National Music Publishers Association. She has sold over 65 million records worldwide. Considered a musical icon, Keys was named by Billboard the top R&B artist of the 2000s decade and placed number 10 on their list of Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years. VH1 also included her on their 100 Greatest Artists of All Time and 100 Greatest Women in Music lists, while Time has named her in their 100 list of most influential people in 2005 and 2017. Keys is also acclaimed for her humanitarian work, philanthropy and activism. She co-founded and is the Global Ambassador of the nonprofit HIV/AIDS-fighting organization Keep a Child Alive.



"Million Reasons" is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga for her fifth studio album, Joanne (2016). Initially released as a promotional single, it was released to radio stations on November 8, 2016, as the album's second single.. The track was written by Gaga, Hillary Lindsey and Mark Ronson, and produced by Ronson, Gaga and BloodPop. It grew organically from the conversations that Lindsey and Gaga were having one day, with the title phrase lifted from the singer's musings about the men in her life.

The track is a pop song with country influences. It lyrically delves on "heartbreak and hope" during a relationship, as well as Gaga's religious faith during the chorus, ultimately making it a song with a positive message. Critics appreciated the track's simple production and lyrics. Commercially, "Million Reasons" reached the top 10 of the charts in Hungary, Slovakia, Switzerland, the United States, and Venezuela as well as the top 20 in Canada, Italy, and Scotland. The track received a nomination for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards.

An accompanying music video was directed by Ruth Hogben and Andrea Gelardin, and continues the story established in the video for her previous single, "Perfect Illusion". It shows Gaga singing in a white studio, and also her in a desert, breaking down before being rescued by her friends. In order to promote "Million Reasons", the singer performed it on her Dive Bar Tour (2016), multiple television appearances, the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2016, the Super Bowl LI halftime show, the 2017 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, and the 60th Grammy Awards. It also served as the encore for the Joanne World Tour (2017–2018). Cover versions of the song were recorded by singer Kelsea Ballerini, rock band Grateful Dead's Bob Weir and Phish's Trey Anastasio.





Christina María Aguilera (/ˌæɡɪˈlɛərə/, Spanish: [aɣiˈleɾa];[1] born December 18, 1980) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and television personality. Her accolades include five Grammy Awards, one Latin Grammy Award, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Aguilera ranked at number 58 on Rolling Stone's list of 100 Greatest Singers of All Time in 2008, and was included on Time's annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013. With estimated sales of 75 million records, she is one of the world's best-selling music artists.[2]

Born in Staten Island of New York City and raised in Pennsylvania, Aguilera appeared on television shows in her early years, before gaining a recording contract with RCA Records in 1998. Her self-titled debut album, released in 1999, reached number one in the US and spawned three US number-one singles: "Genie in a Bottle", "What a Girl Wants", and "Come On Over Baby (All I Want Is You)". While recognized as a prominent figure in the contemporary teen pop scene, Aguilera sought to assume artistic control with Stripped (2002) and its lead single "Dirrty", which displayed her sexually emancipated persona and generated considerable controversy. The second single from the album, "Beautiful", received favorable response for its empowering lyrics and became an anthem for the LGBT community.



"Alejandro" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga. It was released as the third single from her third extended play (EP) The Fame Monster (2009). Co-written and produced by herself and Nadir "RedOne" Khayat, the song was inspired by her "Fear of Men Monster", and the lyrics portray Gaga bidding farewell to her lovers. Musically, it is a mid-tempo synth-pop song with a Europop beat.

Contemporary critics predominantly gave "Alejandro" positive reviews and noted that it takes influence from the pop acts ABBA and Ace of Base. The song charted in the United Kingdom and Hungary due to digital sales following the album's release. Upon release, "Alejandro" charted again in the United Kingdom as well as in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Sweden, and the United States while topping the Czech, Finnish, Mexican, Venezuelan, Polish, Russian, Bulgarian, and Romanian charts. "Alejandro" became Gaga's seventh successive single to reach the top-ten of the US  Billboard Hot 100.

The accompanying music video was directed by fashion photographer Steven Klein and inspired by Gaga's love for her gay friends and admiration of gay love. Within the video, Gaga dances with a group of soldiers in a cabaret, interspersed with scenes of Gaga as a nun swallowing a rosary and near-naked men holding machine guns. The music video was controversial and received mixed reviews. Critics complimented its idea and dark nature while the Catholic League criticized Gaga for alleged blasphemy, despite Klein dismissing the idea and claiming that the scene in question (the swallowing of Rosary beads) was Gaga's "desire to take in the Holy".[3] Gaga performed the song on the ninth season of American Idol and has performed it on all dates of The Monster Ball Tour and on all subsequent tours to date.



Britney Jean Spears (born December 2, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress. Spears is regarded as a pop icon and is credited with influencing the revival of teen pop during the late 1990s and early 2000s, for which she is referred to as the "Princess of Pop".

Born in McComb, Mississippi and raised in Kentwood, Louisiana, she appeared in stage productions and television series, before signing with Jive Records in 1997. Spears's first two studio albums, ...Baby One More Time (1999) and Oops!... I Did It Again (2000), were global successes and made her the best-selling teenage artist of all-time. Spears adopted more mature and provocative themes for her next two studio albums, Britney (2001) and In the Zone (2003), and made her feature film debut in a starring role in Crossroads (2002). Following a series of heavily publicized personal struggles and erratic public behavior beginning in 2006, Spears's career was interrupted, before the release of her fifth studio album Blackout (2007), which is often critically referred to as her best work.[1] Spears' personal struggles led her to be placed on a still ongoing conservatorship. She returned to the top of record charts with her sixth and seventh studio albums, Circus (2008) and Femme Fatale (2011), respectively. In 2012, Forbes reported that Spears was the highest paid female musician of the year, with earnings of $58 million, having last topped the list in 2002.[2] During the promotion of her eighth and ninth studio albums, Britney Jean (2013) and Glory (2016), Spears embarked on a four-year concert residency, Britney: Piece of Me, at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas. In 2019, Spears announced an indefinite career hiatus and was later admitted involuntarily into a mental health facility by her conservator, leading to a court-led investigation into malpractice conducted by Spears's team.

Spears has scored six number one albums on the Billboard 200, making her the third best performing female artist on the chart.[3] Five of Spears's singles have reached number one on the US Billboard Hot 100: "...Baby One More Time", "Womanizer", "3", "Hold It Against Me", and "S&M". Other singles, "Oops!... I Did It Again" and "Toxic", topped the charts in most countries. With "3" in 2009 and "Hold It Against Me" in 2011, she became the second artist after Mariah Carey in the Hot 100's history to debut at number one with two or more songs. Spears has earned numerous awards and accolades, including a Grammy Award; seven Guinness World Records; six MTV Video Music Awards, including the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award; seven Billboard Music Awards, including the Millennium Award;[4] the inaugural Radio Disney Icon Award; and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.[5]





Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter. She is known for her narrative songwriting, which often centers around her personal life and has received widespread media coverage and critical praise. At age 14, Swift became the youngest artist signed by the Sony/ATV Music publishing house and, at age 15, she signed her first record deal. Her 2006 eponymous debut album was the longest-charting album of the 2000s in the US. Its third single, "Our Song", made her the youngest person to single-handedly write and perform a number-one song on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. Swift's second album, Fearless, was released in 2008. Buoyed by the pop crossover success of the singles "Love Story" and "You Belong with Me", it became the US' best-selling album of 2009, won four Grammy Awards—including the Album of the Year—and was certified Diamond by the RIAA.

Swift's self-written third album Speak Now (2010) and fourth album Red (2012) both sold over a million copies in their first weeks in the US, and the latter yielded her first Billboard Hot 100 number-one single, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together". Her fifth album and first all-pop project, 1989 (2014), won three Grammy Awards, including the Album of the Year, and produced the number-one singles "Shake It Off" and "Blank Space", making Swift the first woman to win Album of the Year twice as lead artist and the first woman to replace herself at the top spot on the Hot 100. Her sixth album, Reputation (2017), made her the only act to have four consecutive albums each sell one million copies in their first week in the US and yielded her fifth number-one song on the Hot 100, "Look What You Made Me Do". With her seventh album, Lover (2019), Swift became the first woman in U.S. history to have six albums sell over 500,000 copies in their opening weeks.

Gwen Renée Stefani (/stəˈfɑːni/; born October 3, 1969) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and record producer. She is a co-founder and the lead vocalist of the band No Doubt, whose singles include "Just a Girl", "Spiderwebs", and "Don't Speak", from their 1995 breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom, as well as "Hey Baby" and "It's My Life" from later albums.

During the band's hiatus, Stefani embarked on a solo pop career in 2004 by releasing her debut studio album Love. Angel. Music. Baby. Inspired by pop music from the 1980s, the album was a critical and commercial success.[4][5] It spawned six singles, including "What You Waiting For?", "Rich Girl", "Hollaback Girl", and "Cool". "Hollaback Girl" reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart while also becoming the first US download to sell one million copies.[6] In 2006, Stefani released her second studio album, The Sweet Escape. Among the singles were "Wind It Up" and "The Sweet Escape", the latter of which was number three on the Billboard Hot 100 year-end chart of 2007.[7] Her third solo album, This Is What the Truth Feels Like (2016), was her first solo album to reach number one on the Billboard 200 chart.

Stefani has won three Grammy Awards. As a solo artist, she has received an American Music Award, Brit Award, World Music Award, and two Billboard Music Awards. In 2003, she debuted her clothing line L.A.M.B. and expanded her collection with the 2005 Harajuku Lovers line, inspired by Japanese culture and fashion. During this time Stefani performed and made public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls. She was married to British musician Gavin Rossdale from 2002 to 2016 and they have three sons. Billboard magazine ranked Stefani the 54th most successful artist and 37th most successful Hot 100 artist of the 2000–2009 decade.[8][9] VH1 ranked her 13th on their "100 Greatest Women in Music" list in 2012.[10] Including her work with No Doubt, Stefani has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide.[11]

Gwen Renée Stefani was born on October 3, 1969, in Fullerton, California,[12] and raised Catholic in nearby Anaheim, California.[13] She was named after a stewardess in the 1968 novel Airport, and her middle name, Renée, comes from The Four Tops' 1968 cover of The Left Banke's 1966 song "Walk Away Renée".[14] Her father, Dennis Stefani, is Italian-American and worked as a Yamaha marketing executive.[15] Her mother, Patti (née Flynn),[16] worked as an accountant before becoming a housewife.[15][17] Stefani's parents were fans of folk music and exposed her to music by artists like Bob Dylan and Emmylou Harris.[13] Stefani has two younger siblings, Jill and Todd, and an older brother, Eric.[13][17] Eric was the keyboardist for No Doubt before leaving the band to pursue a career in animation on The Simpsons. She worked at the ice cream parlor Dairy Queen.[12]





Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta (/ˈstɛfəni ˌdʒɜːrməˈnɒtə/ STEF-ən-ee JUR-mə-NOT-ə) (born March 28, 1986), known professionally as Lady Gaga, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, and businesswoman. She is known for reinventing herself throughout her career and for her versatility in numerous areas of the entertainment industry. Gaga began performing as a teenager, singing at open mic nights and acting in school plays. She studied at Collaborative Arts Project 21, through New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, before dropping out to pursue a music career. When Def Jam Recordings canceled her contract, she worked as a songwriter for Sony/ATV Music Publishing, where Akon helped her sign a joint deal with Interscope Records and his own label KonLive Distribution in 2007. She rose to prominence the following year with her debut album, the electropop record The Fame, and its singles "Just Dance", "Poker Face", and "Paparazzi". The album was later reissued to include the EP The Fame Monster (2009), which yielded the successful singles "Bad Romance", "Telephone", and "Alejandro".

Gaga's second full-length album, Born This Way (2011), explored electronic rock and techno-pop and debuted atop the US Billboard 200 with more than one million copies sold. Its title track became the fastest-selling song on the iTunes Store with over a million downloads in less than a week. Gaga continued to top the US charts with her EDM-influenced third studio album, Artpop (2013), her duet jazz album with Tony Bennett, Cheek to Cheek (2014), and her soft rock-influenced fifth studio album, Joanne (2016). During this period, she ventured into acting, playing leading roles in the miniseries American Horror Story: Hotel (2015–2016), for which she received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress, and the critically acclaimed musical drama film A Star Is Born (2018). She also contributed to the latter's soundtrack, which yielded the chart-topping single "Shallow", and made her the first woman to win an Academy, Grammy, BAFTA, and Golden Globe Award in one year. Gaga released her sixth studio album, Chromatica, in 2020.





Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), known professionally as Bruno Mars, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, and dancer. He is known for his stage performances, retro showmanship, and for performing in a wide range of musical styles, including pop, R&B, funk, soul, reggae, hip hop, and rock. Mars is accompanied by his band, The Hooligans, who play a variety of instruments, such as electric guitar, bass, piano, keyboards, drums, and horns, and also serve as backup singers and dancers.

Born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii, Mars moved to Los Angeles in 2003 to pursue a musical career. After being dropped by Motown Records, Mars signed a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 2009. In the same year, he co-founded the production team The Smeezingtons, responsible for various successful singles for Mars himself and other artists. Mars rose to fame in 2010 with the release of the successful singles "Nothin' on You" by B.o.B and "Billionaire" by Travie McCoy, both of which featured his vocals on the hooks. His debut studio album Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010) spawned the international number-one singles "Just the Way You Are", "Grenade", and "The Lazy Song". The former won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.



"Uptown Funk" is a song by British record producer Mark Ronson from his fourth studio album, Uptown Special (2015), featuring American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars. It was released as the album's lead single on 10 November 2014 via download in several countries. "Uptown Funk" was written by Ronson, Mars, Philip Lawrence and Jeff Bhasker. Produced by Ronson, Mars, and Bhasker, its composition began during a freestyle studio session when they worked on a jam Mars and his band played on tour.  Copyright controversies arose after the song's release resulting in multiple lawsuits and amendments to its songwriting credits.

The song is a funk-pop, soul, boogie, disco-pop and Minneapolis sound track. It has a spirit akin to the 1980s-era funk music. Its lyrics address fashion, self-love and "traditional masculine bravado", performed in a sing-rapping style filled with metaphors, arrogance, charisma, and fun. Upon its release, the single received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised the instrumental, style and influences of the track. Others criticised it for not being innovative as it tried to emulate 1980s funk music.

Commercially, the song topped the charts of 19 countries and reached the top 10 of 15 others, making it both Ronson's and Mars' most successful single to date. In the United States, "Uptown Funk" topped the Billboard Hot 100 for 14 weeks and spent seven weeks on the top of the UK Singles Chart. It was certified 11 times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and four times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).  Uptown Funk" peaked at number one on the Canadian Hot 100, and  topped the Irish Singles Chart, taking the Christmas number one spot. The song also reached the top spot on France's Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique (SNEP) number one in both Australia for a total of six weeks and in New Zealand for nine consecutive weeks. It also broke its own streaming record three times in the United Kingdom, while breaking the streaming record in the United States and Worldwide at that time.



"Just the Way You Are" is the debut solo single by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars. It is the lead single from his debut studio album, Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010). The song was written by Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Khalil Walton and Needlz and produced by the former three, under their alias, The Smeezingtons along with Needlz. It was released in the United States to Contemporary hit radio on August 10, 2010. The track was released in the United Kingdom on September 19, 2010, as "Just the Way You Are (Amazing)". The song's lyrics compliment a woman's beauty.

The debut single received mixed reviews from music critics, who praised The Smeezingtons’ production, but dubbed its lyrics as sappy and corny. It won a Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the 2011 ceremony. The song peaked at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and in the United Kingdom charts and peaked in the top five in other countries. It was certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), seven and six times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) and Music Canada (MC), respectively. "Just the Way You Are" was the best selling digital single of 2011, selling more than 12.5 million copies, thus joining an elite group of best-selling singles worldwide.

The music video, directed by Ethan Lader, was released on September 8, 2010 and features Peruvian born Australian actress Nathalie Kelley. The official remix features rapper Lupe Fiasco and is included on the deluxe edition of Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010). Mars performed "Just The Way You Are" on The Doo-Wops & Hooligans Tour (2010–2012), on the Moonshine Jungle Tour (2013–2014) and on the 24K Magic World Tour (2017-2018). He also included it during his performance at the Super Bowl XLVIII halftime show. "Just the Way You Are" has been covered by various recording artists and it inspired Meghan Trainor's debut single "All About That Bass".[1]



Mark Daniel Ronson (born 4 September 1975) is a British–American musician, DJ, singer, songwriter, and record producer.[2] Ronson is best known for his collaborations with artists such as Amy Winehouse, Lady Gaga, Adele, Lily Allen, Robbie Williams, Miley Cyrus, Queens of the Stone Age, and Bruno Mars. He has received seven Grammy Awards, including Producer of the Year for Winehouse's album Back to Black and two for Record of the Year singles "Rehab" and "Uptown Funk". He received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award and a Grammy Award for co-writing the song "Shallow" for the film A Star is Born (2018).

Ronson was born in London and raised in New York City. His stepfather is Foreigner guitarist Mick Jones, which contributed to a childhood surrounded by music. While attending New York University, Ronson became a popular DJ in the hip hop scene. His debut album Here Comes the Fuzz failed to have an effect on the charts. In 2006, he received acclaim for producing albums for Lily Allen, Christina Aguilera, and Amy Winehouse. In 2007, Ronson released his second album, Version. The album reached number two in the UK and included three top ten singles and earned him the Brit Award for British Male Solo Artist. He subsequently released his third studio album, Record Collection, peaking at number two in the UK.

In 2014, Ronson released his single "Uptown Funk" featuring vocals from Bruno Mars. The single spent 14 consecutive weeks at number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, seven non-consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Chart and became one of the best-selling singles of all-time. His fourth studio album, Uptown Special, became his most successful album to date. In 2018, he founded his own label, Zelig Records (an imprint of Columbia Records), and formed the duo Silk City with fellow producer Diplo, for which he received the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording for the song "Electricity".



"Grenade" is a song by American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars from his debut studio album, Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010). The pop and R&B ballad, was written and produced by The Smeezingtons (Mars, Phillip Lawrence, Ari Levine) with additional songwriting by Brody Brown, Claude Kelly, and Andrew Wyatt. The song was developed from an unreleased track with similar lyrical themes played by record producer Benny Blanco to Mars. "Grenade" was completely rearranged and re‑recorded two days before the album's release. The lyrics carry a message of unrequited love and how Mars' heart was broken, despite his best efforts to show her his love. Elektra Records released the song as the second promotional single and as the second official single, to contemporary hit and rhythmic contemporary stations in the United States in October 2010.

"Grenade" was well received by critics, praising the vocals and emotional lyrics of the song and also considered it as one of the stand-out tracks on Doo-Wops & Hooligans. The single reached number one in fifteen different countries, giving Mars his third number one single on the Billboard Hot 100, and topping the Canadian Hot 100 for three non-consecutive weeks. "Grenade" was certified eight times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and seven Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), as well as six times by Music Canada (MC). Worldwide, it was the second best selling digital single of 2011 with 10.2 million copies.

A music video for the single, directed by Nabil Elderkin, was released on November 19, 2010. In the video, Mars is seen dragging an upright piano through Los Angeles, by the time he arrives at the home of his beloved, he discovers she is with another man, so he decides to leave and ends up by killing himself. Mars performed "Grenade" on The Doo-Wops & Hooligans Tour (2010–12), the Moonshine Jungle Tour (2013–14) and 24K Magic World Tour (2017–18). The song has been covered by a variety of performers. It was nominated for both Song of the Year and Record of the Year at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards.



"When I Was Your Man" is a song by American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars for his second studio album, Unorthodox Jukebox (2012). Atlantic Records released the song as the third promotional single and as the second official single, taken from the album, to mainstream radio in the United States on January 15, 2013. "When I Was Your Man" was written by Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine and Andrew Wyatt. The former three produced the track under the name The Smeezingtons. The track was inspired by the time Mars was worried about losing his girlfriend, Jessica Caban.

The pop song is an emotional piano ballad with lyrics describing the heartbreak and regret Mars felt from letting his lover get away, and his expressed hope that her new man will give her all the love and attention that he failed to provide. It features Mars singing and a piano accompaniment as the sole instrumentation. "When I Was Your Man" received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who generally praised Mars' vocal prowess; calling it a "vulnerable and emotional ballad". The song won "Favorite Hit" at the 2013 Premios Juventud and was nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards. "When I Was Your Man" topped the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, and reached the top ten on the singles chart of Australia, Canada, Denmark, Ireland, Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. It was certified eight times platinum in the US, as well as six times platinum in Australia and in Canada. "When I Was Your Man" was the world's eighth best-selling digital single of 2013, with sales of 8.3 million copies.

Cameron Duddy and Mars directed the ballad's accompanying music video. It portrays Mars as a "lonely balladeer" who sits at his piano donned in a pair of sunglasses while setting a half-full glass of whiskey atop it. Critics resoundingly complimented the simplicity of the video's production. The song has been covered by artists, including Mike Ward, who released a studio version of the song after he performed it on The Voice UK. Ward's cover peaked at number 60 in the UK Singles Chart. "When I Was Your Man" was also added to the soundtrack of the Brazilian soap opera Amor à Vida. Mars performed the song on the Moonshine Jungle Tour (2013–14) and at the 24K Magic World Tour (2017–18).



"Locked Out of Heaven" is a song by American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars from his second studio album, Unorthodox Jukebox (2012). It was released as the lead single from the album on October 1, 2012. The song was written by Mars, Philip Lawrence and Ari Levine. It was produced by The Smeezingtons, Mark Ronson, Jeff Bhasker and Emile Haynie. "Locked Out of Heaven" is a reggae rock and pop rock song influenced by new wave and funk. The song's lyrics are about the rapturous feelings brought about by a relationship infused with positive emotion as well as euphoria from sex.

"Locked Out of Heaven" was well received by most critics, some of whom complimented Mars' different musical direction. His vocals were compared to the ones by Sting, while its sound was lauded, with the song being called "interesting" and a "musical evolution". While some critics noted influences from various bands, Mars stated that The Police were the ones who influenced him the most to write the song. The single charted inside the top ten in over twenty countries, including the United States, where it became Mars' fourth number one single on the Billboard Hot 100, holding the spot for six consecutive weeks, and topping the Canadian Hot 100 for three consecutive weeks. "Locked Out of Heaven" was certified seven times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).

The song's music video was shot by director Cameron Duddy and by Mars. It depicts Mars and his bandmates leisurely engaging in activities such as smoking, drinking and playing games. The singer performed "Locked Out of Heaven" on television shows such as Saturday Night Live and The X Factor and included it on The Moonshine Jungle Tour (2013-14) and the 24K Magic World Tour (2017-18). It was also used at his Super Bowl XLVIII halftime show set list. The song won several awards and received three Grammy nominations. The song has also been covered by various recording artists, including Leona Lewis and Bastille.



Justin Drew Bieber (/ˈbiːbər/; born March 1, 1994) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, and actor.[4] Discovered at 13 years old by talent manager Scooter Braun after he had watched his YouTube cover song videos, Bieber was signed to RBMG Records in 2008. With Bieber's debut EP My World, released in late 2009, Bieber became the first artist to have seven songs from a debut record chart on the Billboard Hot 100.[5]

Bieber released his debut studio album My World 2.0 in 2010. Containing the hit single "Baby", the album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, making Bieber the youngest solo male act to top the chart in 47 years.[6] Following his debut album and promotional tours, he released his 3D biopic-concert film Justin Bieber: Never Say Never, which was a box office success. In the years after the releases of the Under the Mistletoe (2011) and Believe (2012), Bieber had established himself as a teen idol and among the leading figures of the "Canadian Invasion", but faced several controversies, including run-ins with the law internationally before his first arrest in 2014.[7]

Following the controversies surrounding Bieber, his sound became more mature as he transitioned into EDM and moved away from teen pop.[8] Released in 2015, his fourth studio album Purpose became his most commercially successful album, spawning three Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles: "What Do You Mean?", "Sorry", and "Love Yourself". It was nominated for Album of the Year at the 2017 Grammy Awards. After the release of Purpose, Bieber had featured on several successful collaborations, including "Cold Water", "Let Me Love You", "Despacito (Remix)", "I'm the One", "I Don't Care" and "10,000 Hours". After taking some time off to refocus on his marriage to American model Hailey Baldwin, Bieber returned with solo material in 2020 with the release of his fifth studio album, Changes.[9]



Jamareo "Jam" Artis (born October 3, 1989) is an American bass guitarist. He is known for his work as bass guitarist for pop star Bruno Mars and for winning P. Diddy's MTV Making His Band in 2009.

In 2014, Jamareo recorded with Mark Ronson & Bruno Mars on "Uptown Funk", which lasted at No. 1 on the Hot 100 for 14 weeks. Artis also appears with Bruno Mars in the music videos for "Locked Out of Heaven", "Uptown Funk", "Gorilla", "Treasure", "24K Magic" and "Finesse". He also participated in Mars' 24K Magic World Tour.

Artis has performed on many television shows, such as the Super Bowl XLVIII Halftime Show, the Grammy Awards telecast,[1] Saturday Night Live, Victoria's Secret Fashion Show,[2] MTV Video Music Awards, Today Show, X Factor, The Ellen Degeneres Show, Jimmy Kimmel Live, Late Show with David Letterman, American Idol, MTV European Music Awards, Echo Awards, X Factor UK, among others.[citation needed]





Robyn Rihanna Fenty (/riˈænə/ ree-AN-ə;[1][n 1] born February 20, 1988)[2] is a Barbadian singer, songwriter, actress, and businesswoman who is known for embracing various musical styles and reinventing her image throughout her career. Born in Saint Michael and raised in Bridgetown, Barbados, Rihanna moved to the US in 2005 when she signed with Def Jam. She earned significant recognition following the release of her first two studio albums, Music of the Sun (2005) and A Girl like Me (2006), both of which were influenced by Caribbean music and peaked within the top ten of the US Billboard 200 chart.

Rihanna's third album, Good Girl Gone Bad (2007), which incorporated elements of dance-pop, catapulted her to greater stardom, establishing her status as a sex symbol and a leading figure in the music industry. Its international chart-topping single "Umbrella" earned Rihanna her first Grammy Award, winning Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. Rihanna extended her fusion of pop, dance, and R&B on her next four albums, Rated R (2009), Loud (2010), Talk That Talk (2011), and the Grammy Award-winning Unapologetic (2012). All four releases incorporated experimentation of various musical styles and consolidated Rihanna's international chart success, Unapologetic being her first number-one album in the US. The records spawned a string of chart-topping singles, including "Rude Boy", "Only Girl (In the World)", "What's My Name?", "S&M", "We Found Love", "Diamonds", and "Stay". Her eighth album, Anti (2016), showcased her control over artistic creativity after her departure from Def Jam. It became her second US number-one album and featured the chart-topping single "Work". Besides solo material, Rihanna has collaborated with recording artists such as Drake, Eminem, and Calvin Harris.



Jacob Taio Cruz (born Adetayo Ayowale Onile-Ere; April 23, 1980),[9][10][11] known professionally as Taio Cruz /taɪ.oʊˈkruːz/, is an English singer, songwriter, rapper and record producer from London, England, currently based in Los Angeles.[12] In 2008, he released his debut album Departure, which he wrote, arranged and produced. The album achieved certified gold status in the United Kingdom and earned him a Music of Black Origin Awards (MOBO) nomination.

In October 2009, Cruz released his follow-up album Rokstarr, which includes the number one singles "Break Your Heart" and "Dynamite". Cruz collaborated with Kesha on the single "Dirty Picture", and with Kylie Minogue and Travie McCoy on his single "Higher".  Cruz wrote and recorded the song "Telling the World" as the lead single from the soundtrack to the 2011 animated film Rio. Cruz's third studio album, TY.O, was first released in Germany in December 2011.

In 2012, Cruz co-wrote David Guetta and Usher's song "Without You". In April 2015, Cruz released the first single, "Do What You Like" from his forthcoming Roses Collection. In late 2015, Taio added vocals to Tujamo's Melbourne track, "Booty Bounce" which was released by Spinnin' Records.



"The Lazy Song" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars for his debut studio album Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010). It was serviced to contemporary hit radios in the United States on February 15, 2011 as the album's third single by Atlantic and Elektra. Development of "The Lazy Song" began while Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence and Ari Levine were hanging around the studio and didn't feel like working. Mars wrote the song in collaboration with singer-songwriter K'naan and his production team The Smeezingtons, who also produced the track. Musically, "The Lazy Song" has been described as borrowing "heavily from roots reggae" and has been compared to the reggae style of Jason Mraz, while lyrically it is an anthem to laziness.

"The Lazy Song" reached number four on the US Billboard Hot 100, while it topped the charts in Denmark and in the United Kingdom. It charted on most international markets within the top five. Cameron Duddy and Mars directed the accompanying music video, in which Mars hangs out with five dancers with monkey masks while jest around in his underwear. It has been certified six times by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), five times by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) and four times platinum by Music Canada (MC), respectively. Worldwide, it was one of the best selling digital singles of 2011 with sales of 6.5 million copies. Mars sang "The Lazy Song" on the television shows American Idol and the French version of X-Factor. The single was performed on The Doo-Wops & Hooligans Tour (2010–12), and occasionally on the Moonshine Jungle Tour (2013–14).

"The Lazy Song" is one of the eleven songs composed and produced by The Smeezingtons for Mars' debut studio album Doo-Wops & Hooligans.[1] In an interview with Sound on Sound, fellow Smeezington Ari Levine explained how they came up with the song "[It] was a very tough song to write, even though it is so simple. That song began one day when we were hanging around the studio and hadn’t written a song for a few days and we were kind of burnt out and didn’t feel like working. We felt lazy. 'K’naan' was in the studio with us, and the four of us suddenly came up with this idea." He added, "After that we had a really hard time getting the groove and the drums to sit right. Once you have one piece of the puzzle, like when you realise that a drum track is good, you can add other things in after that."[2] Mars affirmed that they were trying to be "magical and historic" thus creating a track "that was better than the Beatles". Due to the frustration of not being able to do so, Mars said "Today I don't feel like doing anything at all", which according to him was an eye-opener.[3]





Jessica Ellen Cornish (born 27 March 1988),[1] better known by her stage name Jessie J, is an English singer and songwriter. Born and raised in London, she began her career on stage, aged 11, with a role in the West End musical Whistle Down the Wind. She studied at the BRIT School before signing with Gut Records and striking a songwriting deal with Sony/ATV Music Publishing.

After signing with Republic Records, Jessie J came to prominence following the release of her debut single "Do It Like a Dude". Her next song "Price Tag" topped the charts in nineteen countries including the UK and was followed by the release of her debut album Who You Are (2011), which charted at number two in the UK. Other releases from the album included "Nobody's Perfect", "Who You Are", "Domino" and "Laserlight", which all charted within the top 10 in the UK Singles Chart, making Jessie J the first British female artist to have six top ten singles from a studio album.[2] "Domino" also resulted in further international chart success, peaking at number six on the US Billboard Hot 100 and becoming her second number-one single in the UK. In 2012, Jessie J performed at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Concert outside Buckingham Palace in June, as well as the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games in London on 12 August.



Maroon 5 is an American pop rock and funk pop band from Los Angeles, California.[1][2] It currently consists of lead vocalist Adam Levine, keyboardist and rhythm guitarist Jesse Carmichael, bassist Mickey Madden, lead guitarist James Valentine, drummer Matt Flynn, keyboardist PJ Morton and multi-instrumentalist Sam Farrar. Original members Levine, Carmichael, Madden, and drummer Ryan Dusick first came together as Kara's Flowers in 1994, while they were still in high school. 

After self-releasing their independent album We Like Digging?, the band signed to Reprise Records and released the album The Fourth World in 1997. The album garnered a tepid response, after which the record label dropped the band and the members focused on college. In 2001, the band re-emerged as Maroon 5, pursuing a different direction and adding guitarist Valentine.[3] The band signed with Octone Records, an independent record label with a separate joint venture relationship with J Records and released their debut album Songs About Jane in June 2002. Aided by its lead single, "Harder to Breathe", which received heavy airplay, the album peaked at number six on the Billboard 200 chart,[4] and went platinum in 2004. The band won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 2005.[5] In 2006, Dusick left the band after suffering from serious wrist and shoulder injuries and was replaced by Matt Flynn.

The band's second album It Won't Be Soon Before Long, was released in May 2007.[6] It debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart and the lead single "Makes Me Wonder", became the band's first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2010, the band released the third album Hands All Over, to mixed reviews, re-releasing a year later to include the single "Moves like Jagger", which topped the Billboard Hot 100. In 2012, Carmichael left the group and was replaced by musician PJ Morton, as the band released the fourth album Overexposed, with the song "One More Night", topping the Billboard Hot 100 chart for nine consecutive weeks.



The Smeezingtons were an American songwriting and record production team, consisting of Bruno Mars (born 1985), Philip Lawrence (born 1979), and Ari Levine (born May 5, 1984).[1][2] The Smeezingtons were established in Los Angeles, California. Their production and writing services had been increasingly in demand since 2009.[3] Eventually, the trio split, and Mars and Lawrence formed a new production trio called "Shampoo Press & Curl", which includes Christopher Brody Brown.

The Smeezingtons first gained attention by the music industry after Coca-Cola used K'naan's "Wavin' Flag", with a different composition, arranged by them, as the theme for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Following, they broke into the American recording industry, crafting songs for a diverse roster of talent, with the December 2009 release of the Billboard Hot 100 number one single, "Nothin' on You", produced and co-written by the team and performed by rapper B.o.B and the team's own Mars. They also produced and co-wrote with singer CeeLo Green his single "Fuck You", which topped the UK singles chart and peaked at number two in the American Billboard Hot 100. Throughout their career they have been noted for their extensive work with Bruno Mars (one of the elements), writing and producing two consecutive Billboard Hot 100 number one singles with the singer in 2010 and another two consecutive Billboard Hot 100 number one singles in 2013.

Before Lawrence and Mars first met, Lawrence, after finishing college, did some theater and also worked in Disney World in Florida for seven years.[4] He said that upon moving to Los Angeles he was "holding down these random telemarketing jobs to keep the lights on".[4] After Mars graduated in Hawaii he moved to L.A., and there he found that he could only pay rent by DJing.[5] Before they met each other, "a lot of time was wasted working with random producers bouncing around from studio to studio but never getting anything done."[6] Though Lawrence was initially reluctant to meet Mars, their collaboration clicked from the start.



Thomas DeCarlo Callaway (born May 30, 1975),[1][3] known professionally as CeeLo Green (or Cee Lo Green), is an American singer, rapper, composer, record producer, and actor. Green is known for his work in soul music, including the hit singles "Crazy" and "Fuck You". Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Green came to initial prominence as a member of the Southern hip hop group Goodie Mob. He subsequently began a solo career, releasing two albums on Arista Records: Cee-Lo Green and His Perfect Imperfections (2002) and Cee-Lo Green... Is the Soul Machine (2004).

Green's next project was Gnarls Barkley, a collaboration with DJ Danger Mouse. In 2006, the duo scored a worldwide hit with "Crazy", which reached the top five in twenty countries, including the U.S. and U.K. With Gnarls Barkley, Green released two albums: 2006's platinum-selling St. Elsewhere and 2008's The Odd Couple. In 2010, Green continued his solo career with the album The Lady Killer, which spawned his biggest solo hit, "Fuck You". The song peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, and reached the top 10 in thirteen countries. Green has released two further solo albums, Cee Lo's Magic Moment (2012) and Heart Blanche (2015), as well as a reunion album with Goodie Mob, Age Against the Machine (2014).

From 2011 to 2014, Green was a judge and coach on the American reality television singing competition The Voice, appearing on four of its seasons.[a] He voiced Murray the Mummy in the 2012 animated feature film Hotel Transylvania, and also appeared in a few television programs and films including his own show, CeeLo Green's The Good Life, on TBS. Green has appeared in commercials, including 7 Up, Duracell, M&M’s, and sake brand TYKU. His work has earned numerous awards and accolades, including five Grammy Awards, a BET Award, a Billboard Award, and a Brit Award.



Kelendria Trene "Kelly"  Rowland (born February 11, 1981)[1] is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, actress, and television presenter. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as a member of Destiny's Child, one of the world's best-selling girl groups of all time. During the group's two-year hiatus, Rowland released her first solo album, Simply Deep (2002), which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and sold over 2.5 million copies worldwide.[2] It included the number-one single "Dilemma" with Nelly, as well as the UK top-five hits "Stole" and "Can't Nobody". Rowland also ventured into acting with starring roles in the successful films Freddy vs. Jason (2003) and The Seat Filler (2005).

Following the disbandment of Destiny's Child in 2006, Rowland released her second album, Ms. Kelly (2007), which produced the international top-ten hits "Like This" and "Work". In 2009, she hosted the first season of The Fashion Show and was featured on David Guetta's "When Love Takes Over", which hit number one in many countries. Its success influenced Rowland to explore dance music on her third album Here I Am (2011), which spawned the UK top-ten singles "Commander" and "Down for Whatever". She became a judge on the eighth season of The X Factor UK in 2011 as well as the third season of The X Factor USA in 2013. Rowland's fourth album, Talk a Good Game (2013), became her third top-ten album on the US Billboard 200 chart. She married her manager, Tim Weatherspoon, and gave birth to their son in 2014. Since then, Rowland has continued her television career by hosting Chasing Destiny in 2016 and starring as a coach on The Voice Australia since 2017.

Throughout her career, Rowland has sold over 30 million records as a solo artist,[3] and a further 60 million records with Destiny's Child.[4] Her work has earned her several awards and nominations, including four Grammy Awards, one Billboard Music Award, and two Soul Train Music Awards. Rowland has also received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame as part of Destiny's Child, and as a solo artist, she has been honored by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers and Essence for her contributions to music. In 2014, Fuse ranked Rowland in their "100 Most Award-Winning Artists" list at number 20.[5]



"Higher" is the fifth single from English singer-songwriter Taio Cruz's second studio album, Rokstarr. It was written and produced by Cruz and Sandy Vee, and was released on 26 November 2010. This song was originally written for Australian singer Kylie Minogue's album Aphrodite, but plans fell through.[1] However, Cruz and Minogue recorded a version of the song for the European release, while American rapper Travie McCoy recorded guest raps for the American release. The Brazilian and United Kingdom versions have parts of McCoy's rap mixed into the Minogue version. The version on Cruz's albums feature a solo vocal by Cruz with no guest vocalist and an edited version of the solo version was added to Radio Disney's playlist.

On 30 October 2010, Cruz and Minogue appeared on Starfloor and performed the song as a new single. Cruz and McCoy performed the song on Z100's Jingle Ball 2010 on 16 December 2010. Cruz and Kimberly Wyatt performed the song on ITV's Daybreak on 14 February 2011 and on BBC's Let's Dance for Comic Relief on 19 February 2011. Also in February 2011, Cruz appeared on T4 with Jade Ewen, who filled in for Minogue as she was unavailable for the show. On 20 November 2011, Christina Grimmie performed at the 39th American Music Awards of 2011 pre-show alongside Taio Cruz in a special rendition of "Higher".

The European video, featuring Cruz and Minogue, was directed by Alex Herron and released 19 November 2010.[2] The United States version, featuring McCoy, was released the same day.[3] Both versions feature Cruz and either Minogue or McCoy in an underground warehouse with a live band.





Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), known by her stage name Katy Perry, is an American singer, songwriter and television judge. After singing in church during her childhood, she pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager. Perry signed with Red Hill Records and released her debut studio album Katy Hudson under her birth name in 2001, which was commercially unsuccessful. She moved to Los Angeles the following year to venture into secular music after Red Hill ceased operations and she subsequently began working with producers Glen Ballard, Dr. Luke, and Max Martin. After adopting the stage name Katy Perry and being dropped by The Island Def Jam Music Group and Columbia Records, she signed a recording contract with Capitol Records in April 2007.

Perry rose to fame in 2008 with her second album, One of the Boys, a pop rock record containing the singles "I Kissed a Girl" and "Hot n Cold". The former track also sparked controversy for its themes of lesbianism. Her third album, Teenage Dream (2010), ventured into disco, and was her first record to top the U.S. Billboard 200. It peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 with the singles "California Gurls", "Teenage Dream", "Firework", "E.T.", and "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)", while "The One That Got Away" reached number three on the chart. The album became the first by a female artist to produce five number one songs in the U.S., and the second overall after Michael Jackson's Bad. In 2012, Perry re-issued the album as Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection, which produced the songs "Part of Me" and "Wide Awake". Her next record was Prism (2013), which became her second to top the U.S. charts. It is influenced by pop and dance, and she became the first artist with multiple videos to reach one billion views on Vevo with the videos for its songs "Roar" and "Dark Horse". She followed this with 2017's Witness, which delved into electropop and became her third album to chart at number one in the U.S. "Chained to the Rhythm" was the album's most successful single, breaking Spotify's record at the time for most first-day streams for a song by a female artist. Her sixth album will be released on August 14, 2020.





Christopher Maurice Brown (born May 5, 1989) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer and actor. Born in Tappahannock, Virginia, he was involved in his church choir and several local talent shows from a young age. Having signed with Jive Records in 2004, Brown released his self-titled debut studio album the following year, which became certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).[2]

With his first single "Run It!" peaking atop the Billboard Hot 100, Brown became the first male artist since 1997 to have his debut single top the chart. His second album Exclusive (2007) spawned his second Billboard Hot 100 number one "Kiss Kiss". In addition to his solo commercial success, Brown has been featured on several successful singles such as "No Air", a duet with singer Jordin Sparks, "Shortie Like Mine" with the rapper Bow Wow and "Shawty Get Loose" alongside Lil Mama and T-Pain. In 2009, Brown received significant media attention after pleading guilty to felony assault of his then girlfriend, singer Rihanna.[3] Following the release of his third album Graffiti in the same year of the incident, Brown's fourth album F.A.M.E. (2011) became his first to top the Billboard 200 and earned him the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album.[4] His fifth album Fortune, released in 2012, also topped the Billboard 200. Following the releases of X, Royalty and Heartbreak on a Full Moon, Brown's ninth studio album Indigo (2019) became his third Billboard 200 number-one album.[5] It included his biggest hit in years "No Guidance" which peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100.[6]





Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say; born September 4, 1981)[5] is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Beyoncé performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as the lead singer of Destiny's Child, one of the best-selling girl groups of all time. 

During Destiny's Child's hiatus, Beyoncé made her theatrical film debut with a role in the US box-office number-one Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002) and recorded her first solo album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which debuted at the top of the US Billboard 200 chart. It also featured the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy". Following the disbandment of Destiny's Child in 2006, she released her second solo album, B'Day, which contained the US number-one single "Irreplaceable", as well as the UK number-one singles "Déjà Vu" and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé continued her acting career with starring roles in The Pink Panther (2006), Dreamgirls (2006), and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay-Z and her portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010. It spawned the UK number-one single "If I Were a Boy" and the US number-one single "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". 





"Despacito" (American Spanish: [despa'sito]; transl. "Slowly") is a song by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi featuring Puerto Rican rapper Daddy Yankee from Fonsi's 2019 studio album Vida.[1][2] On January 12, 2017, Universal Music Latin released "Despacito" and its music video, which shows both artists performing the song in La Perla neighborhood of Old San Juan, Puerto Rico and the local bar La Factoría. The song was written by Fonsi, Erika Ender, and Daddy Yankee, and was produced by Mauricio Rengifo and Andrés Torres. A remix version featuring Canadian singer Justin Bieber was released on April 17, 2017, which helped to improve the song's chart performance in numerous countries, including various number-one positions. "Despacito" has been widely credited by music journalists as being instrumental in popularizing Spanish-language pop music in the mainstream market again. The worldwide increase of Latin pop music consumption from 2017 onwards has been referred to as "the 'Despacito' effect."

It is a reggaeton and Latin pop song composed in common time with lyrics about having a sexual relationship, performed in a smooth and romantic way. Commercially, the song topped the charts of 47 countries and reached the top 10 of six others, making it both Fonsi's and Daddy Yankee's most successful single to date. In the United States, it became the first song primarily in Spanish to top the Billboard Hot 100 since "Macarena" (Bayside Boys Mix) in 1996, subsequently tying the longest-reigning number one on the Billboard Hot 100 at the time with 16 weeks, as well as becoming the longest-running number-one on the Hot Latin Songs chart with 56 weeks. It also became the first Latin song to receive a diamond certification by the Recording Industry Association of America. Internationally, it broke the record for most weeks at number one in Switzerland and Germany and became the longest-reigning foreign language number-one in the United Kingdom. In August 2017, the official music video for "Despacito" became the most-viewed YouTube video of all time after receiving its three billionth view. It became the first video on the site to reach the milestones of three, four, five, and six billion views.



Shaffer Chimere Smith (born October 18, 1979), better known by his stage name Ne-Yo, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actor, and dancer. He gained fame for his songwriting abilities when he penned his 2004 hit "Let Me Love You" for singer Mario. The single's successful release in the United States prompted an informal meeting between Ne-Yo and Def Jam's label head and the signing of a recording contract.

Ne-Yo's debut solo single, "Stay", was released in 2005 to moderate success. His debut studio album, In My Own Words (2006), was critically and commercially successful, reaching number one on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States. It is certified platinum in the United States, United Kingdom, Japan and Australia and saw the success of the single "So Sick", which topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States.

Because of You (2007), Ne-Yo's second studio album, was the second number one platinum-selling album debuted on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts, and received the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 50th Grammy Awards. His third studio album, Year of the Gentleman (2008), saw continued success and further Grammy Award nominations for Best Contemporary R&B Album as well as Album of the Year. Its singles "Closer" and "Miss Independent" were also nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance, Best Male R&B Vocal Performance and Best R&B Song. Year of the Gentleman has been certified platinum twice in the US, selling two million copies, also platinum three times in the UK and once in Japan.

"If I Was You (OMG)" is a song by Asian-American hip hop group Far East Movement. The song features rapper Snoop Dogg and was produced by the Stereotypes and The Smeezingtons. The original recording appears on the album Free Wired with a total run time of 3:25. It peaked at number 18 on the New Zealand Singles Chart. An official remix was made by Far East Movement and Snoop Dogg called "On Campus Remix".

The music video for the song premiered on Vevo and YouTube on March 16, 2011.[1]
You can also see Natalia Kills, and Dominican model Rosa Acosta as Snoop Dogg's love interest.





Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), known professionally as Bruno Mars, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, and dancer. He is known for his stage performances, retro showmanship, and for performing in a wide range of musical styles, including pop, R&B, funk, soul, reggae, hip hop, and rock. Mars is accompanied by his band, The Hooligans, who play a variety of instruments, such as electric guitar, bass, piano, keyboards, drums, and horns, and also serve as backup singers and dancers.

Born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii, Mars moved to Los Angeles in 2003 to pursue a musical career. After being dropped by Motown Records, Mars signed a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 2009. In the same year, he co-founded the production team The Smeezingtons, responsible for various successful singles for Mars himself and other artists. Mars rose to fame in 2010 with the release of the successful singles "Nothin' on You" by B.o.B and "Billionaire" by Travie McCoy, both of which featured his vocals on the hooks. His debut studio album Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010) spawned the international number-one singles "Just the Way You Are", "Grenade", and "The Lazy Song". The former won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.

Other reasons this message may be displayed:



Ludwig van Beethoven (/ˈlʊdvɪɡ væn ˈbeɪtoʊvən/ (listen); German: [ˈluːtvɪç fan ˈbeːtʰoːfn̩] (listen); baptised 17 December 1770 – 26 March 1827) was a German composer and pianist; his music is amongst the most performed of the classical music repertoire, and he is one of the most admired composers in the history of Western music. His works span the transition from the classical period to the romantic era in classical music. His career has conventionally been divided into early, middle, and late periods. The "early" period in which he forged his craft is typically seen to last until 1802. His "middle" period, sometimes characterised as "heroic", showing an individual development from the "classical" styles of Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, covers the years 1802 to 1812, during which he increasingly suffered from deafness. In the "late" period from 1812 to his death in 1827, he extended his innovations in musical form and expression.

Beethoven was born in Bonn. His musical talent was obvious at an early age, and he was initially harshly and intensively taught by his father Johann van Beethoven. He was later taught by the composer and conductor Christian Gottlob Neefe, under whose tuition he published his first work, a set of keyboard variations, in 1783. He found relief from a dysfunctional home life with the family of Helene von Breuning, whose children he loved, befriended and taught piano. At age 21, he moved to Vienna, which subsequently became his base, and studied composition with Haydn. Beethoven then gained a reputation as a virtuoso pianist, and he was soon courted by Karl Alois, Prince Lichnowsky for compositions, which resulted in his three Opus 1 piano trios (the earliest works to which he accorded an opus number) in 1795.

His first major orchestral work, the First Symphony, appeared in 1800, and his first set of string quartets was published in 1801. During this period, his hearing began to deteriorate, but he continued to conduct, premiering his Third and Fifth Symphonies in 1804 and 1808, respectively. His Violin Concerto appeared in 1806. His last piano concerto (No. 5, Op. 73, known as the 'Emperor'), dedicated to his frequent patron Archduke Rudolf of Austria, was premiered in 1810, but not with Beethoven as soloist. He was almost completely deaf by 1814, and he then gave up performing and appearing in public. He described his problems with health and his unfulfilled personal life in two letters, his "Heiligenstadt Testament" (1802) to his brothers and his unsent love letter to an unknown "Immortal Beloved" (1812).



Franz Peter Schubert (German: [ˈfʁant͡s ˈpeːtɐ ˈʃuːbɐt]; 31 January 1797 – 19 November 1828) was an Austrian composer of the late Classical and early Romantic eras. Despite his short lifetime, Schubert left behind a vast oeuvre, including more than 600 secular vocal works (mainly lieder), seven complete symphonies, sacred music, operas, incidental music and a large body of piano and chamber music. His major works include the Piano Quintet in A major, D. 667 (Trout Quintet), the Symphony No. 8 in B minor, D. 759 (Unfinished Symphony), the ”Great” Symphony No. 9 in C major, D. 944, the three last piano sonatas (D. 958–960), the opera Fierrabras (D. 796), the incidental music to the play Rosamunde (D. 797), and the song cycles Die schöne Müllerin (D. 795) and Winterreise (D. 911).

Born in the Himmelpfortgrund suburb of Vienna, Schubert's uncommon gifts for music were evident from an early age. His father gave him his first violin lessons and his elder brother gave him piano lessons, but Schubert soon exceeded their abilities. In 1808, at the age of eleven, he became a pupil at the Stadtkonvikt school, where he became acquainted with the orchestral music of Haydn, Mozart, and Beethoven. He left the Stadtkonvikt at the end of 1813, and returned home to live with his father, where he began studying to become a schoolteacher; despite this, he continued his studies in composition with Antonio Salieri and still composed prolifically. In 1821, Schubert was admitted to the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde as a performing member, which helped establish his name among the Viennese citizenry. He gave a concert of his own works to critical acclaim in March 1828, the only time he did so in his career. He died eight months later at the age of 31, the cause officially attributed to typhoid fever, but believed by some historians to be syphilis.

Appreciation of Schubert's music while he was alive was limited to a relatively small circle of admirers in Vienna, but interest in his work increased significantly in the decades following his death. Felix Mendelssohn, Robert Schumann, Franz Liszt, Johannes Brahms and other 19th-century composers discovered and championed his works. Today, Schubert is ranked among the greatest composers of Western classical music and his music continues to be popular.



Johannes Brahms (German: [joˈhanəs ˈbʁaːms]; 7 May 1833 – 3 April 1897) was a German composer, pianist, and conductor of the Romantic period. Born in Hamburg into a Lutheran family, Brahms spent much of his professional life in Vienna. His reputation and status as a composer are such that he is sometimes grouped with Johann Sebastian Bach and Ludwig van Beethoven as one of the "Three Bs" of music, a comment originally made by the nineteenth-century conductor Hans von Bülow.

Brahms composed for symphony orchestra, chamber ensembles, piano, organ, and voice and chorus. A virtuoso pianist, he premiered many of his own works. He worked with some of the leading performers of his time, including the pianist Clara Schumann and the violinist Joseph Joachim (the three were close friends). Many of his works have become staples of the modern concert repertoire. An uncompromising perfectionist, Brahms destroyed some of his works and left others unpublished.

Brahms has been considered, by his contemporaries and by later writers, as both a traditionalist and an innovator. His music is firmly rooted in the structures and compositional techniques of the Classical masters. While many contemporaries found his music too academic, his contribution and craftsmanship have been admired by subsequent figures as diverse as Arnold Schoenberg and Edward Elgar. The diligent, highly constructed nature of Brahms's works was a starting point and an inspiration for a generation of composers. Embedded within his meticulous structures, however, are deeply romantic motifs.





Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart[a] (27 January 1756 – 5 December 1791), baptised as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart,[b] was a prolific and influential composer of the Classical period.

Born in Salzburg, Mozart showed prodigious ability from his earliest childhood. Already competent on keyboard and violin, he composed from the age of five and performed before European royalty. At 17, Mozart was engaged as a musician at the Salzburg court but grew restless and travelled in search of a better position. While visiting Vienna in 1781, he was dismissed from his Salzburg position. He chose to stay in the capital, where he achieved fame but little financial security. During his final years in Vienna, he composed many of his best-known symphonies, concertos, and operas, and portions of the Requiem, which was largely unfinished at the time of his early death at the age of 35. The circumstances of his death have been much mythologized.

Franz Joseph Haydn[a] (/ˈhaɪdən/; German: [ˈfʁants ˈjoːzɛf ˈhaɪdn̩] (listen); 31 March[b] 1732 – 31 May 1809) was an Austrian composer of the Classical period. He was instrumental in the development of chamber music such as the piano trio.[2] His contributions to musical form have earned him the epithets "Father of the Symphony" and "Father of the String Quartet".[3][failed verification]

Haydn spent much of his career as a court musician for the wealthy Esterházy family at their remote estate. Until the later part of his life, this isolated him from other composers and trends in music so that he was, as he put it, "forced to become original".[c] Yet his music circulated widely, and for much of his career he was the most celebrated composer in Europe.

He was a friend and mentor of Mozart, a tutor of Beethoven, and the older brother of composer Michael Haydn.

Joseph Haydn was born in Rohrau, Austria, a village that at that time stood on the border with Hungary. His father was Mathias Haydn, a wheelwright who also served as "Marktrichter", an office akin to village mayor. Haydn's mother Maria, née Koller, had previously worked as a cook in the palace of Count Harrach, the presiding aristocrat of Rohrau. Neither parent could read music;[d] however, Mathias was an enthusiastic folk musician, who during the journeyman period of his career had taught himself to play the harp. According to Haydn's later reminiscences, his childhood family was extremely musical, and frequently sang together and with their neighbours.[4]

The Piano Sonata No. 14 in C♯ minor "Quasi una fantasia", Op. 27, No. 2, popularly known as the Moonlight Sonata, is a piano sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven. It was completed in 1801 and dedicated in 1802 to his pupil, Countess Giulietta Guicciardi.[2]

The piece is one of Beethoven's most popular compositions for the piano, and it was a popular favorite even in his own day.[3]  Beethoven wrote the Moonlight Sonata in his early thirties, after he had finished with some commissioned work; there is no evidence that he was commissioned to write this sonata.[3]

The first edition of the score is headed Sonata quasi una fantasia, a title this work shares with its companion piece, Op. 27, No. 1.[4] Grove Music Online translates the Italian title as "sonata in the manner of a fantasy".[5] The title could also be interpreted to imply "...as though improvised".[6]

The name "Moonlight Sonata" comes from remarks made by the German music critic and poet Ludwig Rellstab. In 1832, five years after Beethoven's death, Rellstab likened the effect of the first movement to that of moonlight shining upon Lake Lucerne.[7] Within ten years, the name "Moonlight Sonata" ("Mondscheinsonate" in German) was being used in German[8] and English[9] publications. Later in the nineteenth century, the sonata was universally known by that name.[10]



The Symphony No. 7 in A major, Op. 92, is a symphony in four movements composed by Ludwig van Beethoven between 1811 and 1812, while improving his health in the Bohemian spa town of Teplice. The work is dedicated to Count Moritz von Fries.

At its premiere, Beethoven was noted as remarking that it was one of his best works.  The second movement, Allegretto, was the most popular movement and had to be encored. The instant popularity of the Allegretto resulted in its frequent performance separate from the complete symphony.[1]

The work was premiered with Beethoven himself conducting in Vienna on 8 December 1813 at a charity concert for soldiers wounded in the Battle of Hanau. In Beethoven's address to the participants, the motives are not openly named: "We are moved by nothing but pure patriotism and the joyful sacrifice of our powers for those who have sacrificed so much for us."[2]



Robert Schumann[1] (German: [ˈʃuːman]; 8 June 1810 – 29 July 1856) was a German composer, pianist, and influential music critic. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest composers of the Romantic era. Schumann left the study of law, intending to pursue a career as a virtuoso pianist. His teacher, Friedrich Wieck, a German pianist, had assured him that he could become the finest pianist in Europe, but a hand injury ended this dream. Schumann then focused his musical energies on composing.

In 1840, after a long and acrimonious legal battle with Wieck, who opposed the marriage, Schumann married Wieck's daughter Clara. A lifelong partnership in music began, as Clara herself was an established pianist and music prodigy. Clara and Robert also maintained a close relationship with German composer Johannes Brahms.

Until 1840, Schumann wrote exclusively for the piano. Later, he composed piano and orchestral works, and many Lieder (songs for voice and piano). He composed four symphonies, one opera, and other orchestral, choral, and chamber works. His best-known works include Carnaval, Symphonic Studies, Kinderszenen, Kreisleriana, and the Fantasie in C. Schumann was known for infusing his music with characters through motifs, as well as references to works of literature. These characters bled into his editorial writing in the Neue Zeitschrift für Musik (New Journal for Music), a Leipzig-based publication that he co-founded.



The Symphony No. 9 in D minor, Op. 125, is a choral symphony, the final complete symphony by Ludwig van Beethoven, composed between 1822 and 1824. It was first performed in Vienna on 7 May 1824. The symphony is regarded by many critics and musicologists as Beethoven's greatest work and one of the supreme achievements in the history of western music.[1][2] One of the best-known works in common practice music,[1] it stands as one of the most performed symphonies in the world.[3][4]

The symphony was the first example of a major composer using voices in a symphony.[5] The words are sung during the final (4th) movement of the symphony by four vocal soloists and a chorus. They were taken from the "Ode to Joy", a poem written by Friedrich Schiller in 1785 and revised in 1803, with text additions made by Beethoven.

In 2001, Beethoven's original, hand-written manuscript of the score, held by the Berlin State Library, was added to the United Nations Memory of the World Programme Heritage list, becoming the first musical score so designated.[6]

Ludwig van Beethoven's Piano Sonata No. 8 in C minor, Op. 13, commonly known as Sonata Pathétique, was written in 1798 when the composer was 27 years old, and was published in 1799. It has remained one of his most celebrated compositions.[1] Beethoven dedicated the work to his friend Prince Karl von Lichnowsky.[2] Although commonly thought to be one of the few works to be named by the composer himself, it was actually named Grande sonate pathétique (to Beethoven's liking) by the publisher, who was impressed by the sonata's tragic sonorities.[3]

Prominent musicologists debate whether or not the Pathétique may have been inspired by Mozart's piano sonata K. 457, since both compositions are in C minor and have three very similar movements. The second movement, "Adagio cantabile", especially, makes use of a theme remarkably similar to one in the spacious second movement of Mozart's sonata.[4] Close similarities have also been noted with Bach's Partita no. 2 in C minor.[5] Both works open with a declamatory fanfare marked Grave, sharing a distinct combination of dotted rhythms, melodic contour, and texture. Furthermore, the first four notes of the Partita's Andante (G-C-D-Eb) are found in the Pathétique as the first notes of important themes - first in the hand-crossing second subject of its first movement (initially transposed), then in the main theme of the Rondo. It is known that Beethoven was familiar with the works of Bach, studying The Well-Tempered Clavier as a youth and returning to his predecessor's compositional styles later in life.



In its entirety, encompassing all three movements, the work takes approximately 19 minutes to perform.





Frédéric François Chopin (UK: /ˈʃɒpæ̃/, US: /ʃoʊˈpæn/,[1][2] French: [ʃɔpɛ̃], Polish: [ˈʂɔpɛn]; 1 March 1810 – 17 October 1849) was a Polish composer and virtuoso pianist of the Romantic era who wrote primarily for solo piano. He has maintained worldwide renown as a leading musician of his era, one whose "poetic genius was based on a professional technique that was without equal in his generation."[3]

Chopin was born Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin in the Duchy of Warsaw and grew up in Warsaw, which in 1815 became part of Congress Poland. A child prodigy, he completed his musical education and composed his earlier works in Warsaw before leaving Poland at the age of 20, less than a month before the outbreak of the November 1830 Uprising. At 21, he settled in Paris. Thereafter—in the last 18 years of his life—he gave only 30 public performances, preferring the more intimate atmosphere of the salon. He supported himself by selling his compositions and by giving piano lessons, for which he was in high demand. Chopin formed a friendship with Franz Liszt and was admired by many of his other musical contemporaries, including Robert Schumann. 



The Symphony No. 5 in C minor of Ludwig van Beethoven, Op. 67, was written between 1804 and 1808. It is one of the best-known compositions in classical music and one of the most frequently played symphonies,[1] and it is widely considered one of the cornerstones of western music.  First performed in Vienna's Theater an der Wien in 1808, the work achieved its prodigious reputation soon afterward. E. T. A. Hoffmann described the symphony as "one of the most important works of the time". As is typical of symphonies in the classical period, Beethoven's Fifth Symphony is in four movements.

It begins with a distinctive four-note "short-short-short-long" motif:

The symphony, and the four-note opening motif in particular, are known worldwide, with the motif appearing frequently in popular culture, from disco versions to rock and roll covers, to uses in film and television.



Ludwig van Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 1 in C major, Op. 15, was written in 1795, then revised in 1800. The first performance took place on 18 December 1795 in Vienna with Beethoven himself as soloist.[1] It was first published in 1801 in Vienna with dedication to his pupil Princess Anna Louise Barbara Odescalchi (née Countess von Keglević), known to her friends as "Babette".[2]

Although this was Beethoven's first piano concerto to be published, it was actually his third attempt at the genre, following an unpublished piano concerto in E-flat major of 1784 (not to be confused with Beethoven's more famous "Emperor" concerto, also in E-flat) and the Piano Concerto No. 2. The latter was published in 1801 in Leipzig after the Piano Concerto No. 1, but was composed over a period of years, perhaps beginning ca. 1788. Its first performance took place on 29 March 1795, several months before the concerto now referred to customarily as "No. 1".[1]

As with the Piano Concerto No. 2, this C major concerto reflects Beethoven's assimilation of the styles of Mozart and Haydn, while its abrupt harmonic shifts demonstrate Beethoven's musical personality. It adheres to the concerto variant of sonata form and is scored for solo piano and an orchestra consisting of flute, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani, and strings. The flute, oboes, trumpets, and timpani are tacet during the second movement.



The Symphony No. 3 in E♭ major, Op. 55, (also Italian Sinfonia Eroica, Heroic Symphony) is a symphony in four movements by Ludwig van Beethoven.  One of the composer's most celebrated works, the Eroica symphony is a large-scale composition that marked the beginning of Beethoven's creative middle period.[1][2]

Composed mainly in 1803–1804, the work is grounded in the Classical symphonic tradition while also stretching boundaries of form, length, harmony, and perceived emotional and possibly cultural content. It has therefore widely been considered an important landmark in the transition between the Classical period and the Romantic era.

Symphony No. 3 is scored for two flutes, two oboes, two clarinets in B♭, two bassoons, three horns (the 1st in E♭, C, and F; the 2nd in E♭ and C; and the 3rd in E♭), two trumpets in E♭ and C, timpani in E♭ and B♭ (in the 1st, 3rd, and 4th movements) and in C and G (in the 2nd movement), and strings.



Franz Liszt (German: [ˈlɪst]; Hungarian: Liszt Ferencz, in modern usage Liszt Ferenc [ˈlist ˈfɛrɛnt͡s];[n 1] 22 October 1811 – 31 July 1886) was a Hungarian composer, virtuoso pianist, conductor, music teacher, arranger, and organist of the Romantic era. He was also a writer, philanthropist, Hungarian nationalist, and Franciscan tertiary.

Liszt gained renown in Europe during the early nineteenth century for his prodigious virtuosic skill as a pianist. He was a friend, musical promoter and benefactor to many composers of his time, including Frédéric Chopin, Charles-Valentin Alkan, Richard Wagner, Hector Berlioz, Robert Schumann, Camille Saint-Saëns, Edvard Grieg, Ole Bull, Joachim Raff, Mikhail Glinka, and Alexander Borodin.[1][failed verification]

A prolific composer, Liszt was one of the most prominent representatives of the New German School (German: Neudeutsche Schule). He left behind an extensive and diverse body of work which influenced his forward-looking contemporaries and anticipated 20th-century ideas and trends.  Among Liszt's musical contributions were the symphonic poem, developing thematic transformation as part of his experiments in musical form, and radical innovations in harmony.[2]



The Piano Concerto No. 5 in E♭ major, Op. 73, by Ludwig van Beethoven, popularly known as the Emperor Concerto, was his last completed piano concerto. It was written between 1809 and 1811 in Vienna, and was dedicated to Archduke Rudolf, Beethoven's patron and pupil. The first performance took place on 13 January 1811 at the Palace of Prince Joseph Lobkowitz in Vienna, with Archduke Rudolf as the soloist,[1] followed by a public concert on 28 November 1811 at the Gewandhaus in Leipzig under conductor Johann Philipp Christian Schulz, the soloist being Friedrich Schneider.[2][3] On 12 February 1812, Carl Czerny, another student of Beethoven's, gave the Vienna debut of this work.

The epithet of Emperor for this concerto was not Beethoven's own but was coined by Johann Baptist Cramer, the English publisher of the concerto.[4] Its duration is approximately forty minutes.

The concerto is scored for solo piano, two flutes, two oboes, two clarinets in B♭ (clarinet I playing in A in movement 2), two bassoons, two horns, two trumpets, timpani in E♭ and B♭, and strings. In the second movement, 2nd flute, 2nd clarinet, trumpets, and timpani are tacet.



Bagatelle No. 25 in A minor (WoO 59, Bia 515) for solo piano, commonly known as "Für Elise" (German: [fyːɐ̯ ʔeˈliːzə], English: "For Elise"), is one of Ludwig van Beethoven's most popular compositions.[1][2][3] It was not published during his lifetime, only being discovered (by Ludwig Nohl) 40 years after his death, and may be termed either a Bagatelle or an Albumblatt. The identity of "Elise" is unknown; researchers have suggested Therese Malfatti, Elisabeth Röckel, or Elise Barensfeld.

The score was not published until 1867, forty years after the composer's death in 1827. The discoverer of the piece, Ludwig Nohl, affirmed that the original autograph manuscript, now lost, had the title: "Für Elise am 27 April [1810] zur Erinnerung von L. v. Bthvn" ("For Elise on April 27 in memory of L. v. Bthvn").[4] The music was published as part of Nohl's Neue Briefe Beethovens (New letters by Beethoven) on pages 28 to 33, printed in Stuttgart by Johann Friedrich Cotta.[5]

The version of "Für Elise" heard today is an earlier version that was transcribed by Ludwig Nohl. There is a later version, with drastic changes to the accompaniment which was transcribed from a later manuscript by the Beethoven scholar Barry Cooper. The most notable difference is in the first theme, the left-hand arpeggios are delayed by a 16th note. There are a few extra bars in the transitional section into the B section; and finally, the rising A minor arpeggio figure is moved later into the piece. The tempo marking Poco moto is believed to have been on the manuscript that Ludwig Nohl transcribed (now lost). The later version includes the marking Molto grazioso. It is believed that Beethoven intended to add the piece to a cycle of bagatelles.[6]



The Symphony No. 6 in F major, Op. 68, also known as the Pastoral Symphony (German: Pastorale[1]), is a symphony composed by Ludwig van Beethoven and completed in 1808. One of Beethoven's few works containing explicitly programmatic content,[2] the symphony was first performed in the Theater an der Wien on 22 December 1808[3] in a four-hour concert.[4]

Beethoven was a lover of nature who spent a great deal of his time on walks in the country. He frequently left Vienna to work in rural locations. The composer said that the Sixth Symphony is "more the expression of feeling than painting",[5] a point underlined by the title of the first movement.

The first sketches of the Pastoral Symphony appeared in 1802. It was composed simultaneously with Beethoven's more famous—and fierier—Fifth Symphony. Both symphonies were premiered in a long and under-rehearsed concert in the Theater an der Wien in Vienna on 22 December 1808.



Gustav Mahler (German: [ˈmaːlɐ]; 7 July 1860 – 18 May 1911) was an Austro-Bohemian Romantic composer, and one of the leading conductors of his generation. As a composer he acted as a bridge between the 19th century Austro-German tradition and the modernism of the early 20th century. While in his lifetime his status as a conductor was established beyond question, his own music gained wide popularity only after periods of relative neglect, which included a ban on its performance in much of Europe during the Nazi era. After 1945 his compositions were rediscovered by a new generation of listeners; Mahler then became one of the most frequently performed and recorded of all composers, a position he has sustained into the 21st century. In 2016, a BBC Music Magazine survey of 151 conductors ranked three of his symphonies in the top ten symphonies of all time.[1]

Born in Bohemia (then part of the Austrian Empire) to Jewish parents of humble origins, the German-speaking Mahler displayed his musical gifts at an early age. After graduating from the Vienna Conservatory in 1878, he held a succession of conducting posts of rising importance in the opera houses of Europe, culminating in his appointment in 1897 as director of the Vienna Court Opera (Hofoper). During his ten years in Vienna, Mahler—who had converted to Catholicism to secure the post—experienced regular opposition and hostility from the anti-Semitic press. Nevertheless, his innovative productions and insistence on the highest performance standards ensured his reputation as one of the greatest of opera conductors, particularly as an interpreter of the stage works of Wagner, Mozart, and Tchaikovsky. Late in his life he was briefly director of New York's Metropolitan Opera and the New York Philharmonic.

Mahler's œuvre is relatively limited; for much of his life composing was necessarily a part-time activity while he earned his living as a conductor. Aside from early works such as a movement from a piano quartet composed when he was a student in Vienna, Mahler's works are generally designed for large orchestral forces, symphonic choruses and operatic soloists. These works were frequently controversial when first performed, and several were slow to receive critical and popular approval; exceptions included his Second Symphony, Third Symphony, and the triumphant premiere of his Eighth Symphony in 1910. Some of Mahler's immediate musical successors included the composers of the Second Viennese School, notably Arnold Schoenberg, Alban Berg and Anton Webern. Dmitri Shostakovich and Benjamin Britten are among later 20th-century composers who admired and were influenced by Mahler. The International Gustav Mahler Institute was established in 1955 to honour the composer's life and achievements.

The Piano Concerto No. 21 in C major, K. 467, was completed on 9 March 1785 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, four weeks after the completion of the previous D minor concerto, K. 466.[1][2]

The concerto is scored for solo piano, flute, two oboes, two bassoons, two horns in C, two trumpets in C, timpani and strings.

The concerto has three movements:

The opening movement begins quietly with a march figure, but quickly moves to a more lyrical melody interspersed with a fanfare in the winds. The music grows abruptly in volume, with the violins taking up the principal melody over the march theme, which is now played by the brass. This uplifting theme transitions to a brief, quieter interlude distinguished by a sighing motif in the brass. The march returns, eventually transitioning to the entrance of the soloist. The soloist plays a brief Eingang (a type of abbreviated cadenza) before resolving to a trill on the dominant G while the strings play the march in C major. The piano then introduces new material in C major and begins transitioning to the dominant key of G major. Immediately after an orchestral cadence finally announces the arrival of the dominant, the music abruptly shifts to G minor in a passage that is reminiscent of the main theme of the Symphony No. 40 in that key.[4] A series of rising and falling chromatic scales then transition the music to the true second theme of the piece, an ebullient G major theme, which can also be heard in Mozart's Third Horn Concerto. The usual development and recapitulation follow. There is a cadenza at the end of the movement, although Mozart's original has been lost.



The Piano Concerto No. 3 in C minor, Op. 37 is generally thought to have been composed in 1800, although the year of its composition has been questioned by some contemporary musicologists. It was first performed on 5 April 1803, with the composer as soloist.[1] During that same performance, the Second Symphony and the oratorio Christ on the Mount of Olives were also premiered.[2] The composition was published in 1804, and was dedicated to Prince Louis Ferdinand of Prussia. The first primary theme is reminiscent of that of Mozart's 24th Piano Concerto.

The concerto is scored for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets in B-flat, 2 bassoons, 2 horns in E-flat, 2 trumpets in C, timpani, strings and piano soloist.

As is standard for Classical/Romantic-era concertos, the work is in three movements:



Johann Sebastian Bach[a] (31 March [O.S. 21 March] 1685 – 28 July 1750) was a German composer and musician of the Baroque period. He is known for instrumental compositions such as the Brandenburg Concertos and the Goldberg Variations, and for vocal music such as the St Matthew Passion and the Mass in B minor. Since the 19th-century Bach Revival he is generally regarded as one of the greatest composers of all time.[3][4]

The Bach family already counted several composers when Johann Sebastian was born as the last child of a city musician in Eisenach. After being orphaned at age 10, he lived for five years with his eldest brother Johann Christoph, after which he continued his musical formation in Lüneburg. From 1703 he was back in Thuringia, working as a musician for Protestant churches in Arnstadt and Mühlhausen and, for longer stretches of time, at courts in Weimar, where he expanded his organ repertory, and Köthen, where he was mostly engaged with chamber music. From 1723 he was employed as Thomaskantor (cantor at St. Thomas) in Leipzig. He composed music for the principal Lutheran churches of the city, and for its university's student ensemble Collegium Musicum. From 1726 he published some of his keyboard and organ music. In Leipzig, as had happened during some of his earlier positions, he had difficult relations with his employer, a situation that was little remedied when he was granted the title of court composer by his sovereign, Augustus, Elector of Saxony and King of Poland, in 1736. In the last decades of his life he reworked and extended many of his earlier compositions. He died of complications after eye surgery in 1750 at the age of 65.

Bach enriched established German styles through his mastery of counterpoint, harmonic and motivic organisation, and his adaptation of rhythms, forms, and textures from abroad, particularly from Italy and France. Bach's compositions include hundreds of cantatas, both sacred and secular. He composed Latin church music, Passions, oratorios, and motets. He often adopted Lutheran hymns, not only in his larger vocal works, but for instance also in his four-part chorales and his sacred songs. He wrote extensively for organ and for other keyboard instruments. He composed concertos, for instance for violin and for harpsichord, and suites, as chamber music as well as for orchestra. Many of his works employ the genres of canon and fugue.



The Fantasy (Fantasia) for piano, vocal soloists, chorus, and orchestra, Op. 80, usually called the Choral Fantasy, was composed in 1808 by then 38 year old Ludwig van Beethoven. 

Beethoven intended the Fantasy to serve as the concluding work for the benefit concert he put on for himself on 22 December 1808; the performers consisted of vocal soloists, chorus, an orchestra, and Beethoven himself as piano soloist.  The Fantasy was designed to include all the participants in the program and thus unites all of these musical forces.

The work is noted as a kind of forerunner to the later Ninth Symphony.



Ludwig van Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 4 in G major, Op. 58, was composed in 1805–1806. Beethoven was the soloist in the public premiere as part of the concert on 22 December 1808 at Vienna's Theater an der Wien.

It is scored for solo piano and an orchestra consisting of a flute, two oboes, two clarinets, two bassoons, two horns, two trumpets, timpani, and strings.

It was premiered in March 1807 at a private concert of the home of Prince Franz Joseph von Lobkowitz. The Coriolan Overture and the Fourth Symphony were premiered in that same concert.[1] However, the public premiere was not until a concert on 22 December 1808 at Vienna's Theater an der Wien. Beethoven again took the stage as soloist. The marathon concert saw Beethoven's last appearance as a soloist with orchestra, as well as the premieres of the Choral Fantasy and the Fifth and Sixth symphonies. Beethoven dedicated the concerto to his friend, student, and patron, the Archduke Rudolph.

Symphony No. 40 in G minor, K. 550 was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1788. It is sometimes referred to as the "Great G minor symphony", to distinguish it from the "Little G minor symphony", No. 25. The two are the only extant minor key symphonies Mozart wrote.[1]

A typical performance of the symphony lasts about 25 minutes.

The date of completion of this symphony is known exactly, since Mozart in his mature years kept a full catalog of his completed works; he entered the 40th Symphony into it on 25 July 1788.[2] Work on the symphony occupied an exceptionally productive period of just a few weeks during which time he also completed the 39th and 41st symphonies (26 June and 10 August, respectively).[3] Nikolaus Harnoncourt conjectured that Mozart composed the three symphonies as a unified work, pointing, among other things, to the fact that the Symphony No. 40, as the middle work, has no introduction (unlike No. 39) and does not have a finale of the scale of No. 41's.[4]

The 40th symphony exists in two versions, differing primarily in that one includes parts for a pair of clarinets (with suitable adjustments made in the other wind parts). Most likely, the clarinet parts were added in a revised version.[5] The autograph scores of both versions were acquired in the 1860s by Johannes Brahms, who later donated the manuscripts to the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Vienna, where they reside today.[6]



Johann Nepomuk Hummel (14 November 1778 – 17 October 1837) was an Austrian composer and virtuoso pianist. His music reflects the transition from the classical to the romantic musical era.

Hummel was born as an only child (which was unusual for that period) in Pressburg, Kingdom of Hungary, then a part of the Habsburg Monarchy (now Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia). He was named after the Czech patron saint John of Nepomuk. His father, Johannes Hummel,[1] was the director of the Imperial School of Military Music in Vienna; his mother, Margarethe Sommer Hummel, was the widow of the wigmaker Josef Ludwig. The couple married just four months beforehand.[2]

Hummel was a child prodigy. At the age of eight, he was offered music lessons by the classical composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, who was impressed with his ability. Hummel was taught and housed by Mozart for two years free of charge and made his first concert appearance at the age of nine at one of Mozart's concerts.



Ludwig van Beethoven (/ˈlʊdvɪɡ væn ˈbeɪtoʊvən/ (listen); German: [ˈluːtvɪç fan ˈbeːtʰoːfn̩] (listen); baptised 17 December 1770 – 26 March 1827) was a German composer and pianist; his music is amongst the most performed of the classical music repertoire, and he is one of the most admired composers in the history of Western music. His works span the transition from the classical period to the romantic era in classical music. His career has conventionally been divided into early, middle, and late periods. The "early" period in which he forged his craft is typically seen to last until 1802. His "middle" period, sometimes characterised as "heroic", showing an individual development from the "classical" styles of Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, covers the years 1802 to 1812, during which he increasingly suffered from deafness. In the "late" period from 1812 to his death in 1827, he extended his innovations in musical form and expression.

Beethoven was born in Bonn. His musical talent was obvious at an early age, and he was initially harshly and intensively taught by his father Johann van Beethoven. He was later taught by the composer and conductor Christian Gottlob Neefe, under whose tuition he published his first work, a set of keyboard variations, in 1783. He found relief from a dysfunctional home life with the family of Helene von Breuning, whose children he loved, befriended and taught piano. At age 21, he moved to Vienna, which subsequently became his base, and studied composition with Haydn. Beethoven then gained a reputation as a virtuoso pianist, and he was soon courted by Karl Alois, Prince Lichnowsky for compositions, which resulted in his three Opus 1 piano trios (the earliest works to which he accorded an opus number) in 1795.

His first major orchestral work, the First Symphony, appeared in 1800, and his first set of string quartets was published in 1801. During this period, his hearing began to deteriorate, but he continued to conduct, premiering his Third and Fifth Symphonies in 1804 and 1808, respectively. His Violin Concerto appeared in 1806. His last piano concerto (No. 5, Op. 73, known as the 'Emperor'), dedicated to his frequent patron Archduke Rudolf of Austria, was premiered in 1810, but not with Beethoven as soloist. He was almost completely deaf by 1814, and he then gave up performing and appearing in public. He described his problems with health and his unfulfilled personal life in two letters, his "Heiligenstadt Testament" (1802) to his brothers and his unsent love letter to an unknown "Immortal Beloved" (1812).



Big Ben is the nickname for the Great Bell of the striking clock at the north end of the Palace of Westminster in London[1] and is usually extended to refer to both the clock and the clock tower.[2][3] The official name of the tower in which Big Ben is located was originally the Clock Tower; it was renamed Elizabeth Tower in 2012 to mark the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II, Queen of the United Kingdom.

The tower was designed by Augustus Pugin in a neo-Gothic style. When completed in 1859, its clock was the largest and most accurate four-faced striking and chiming clock in the world.[4] The tower stands 315 feet (96 m) tall, and the climb from ground level to the belfry is 334 steps. Its base is square, measuring 39 feet (12 m) on each side. Dials of the clock are 23 feet (7.0 m) in diameter. On 31 May 2009, celebrations were held to mark the tower's 150th anniversary.[5]

Big Ben is the largest of the tower's five bells and weighs 13.5 long tons (13.7 tonnes; 15.1 short tons).[1] It was the largest bell in the United Kingdom for 23 years. The origin of the bell's nickname is open to question; it may be named after Sir Benjamin Hall, who oversaw its installation, or heavyweight boxing champion Benjamin Caunt. Four quarter bells chime at 15, 30 and 45 minutes past the hour and just before Big Ben tolls on the hour. The clock uses its original Victorian mechanism, but an electric motor can be used as a backup.



Tower Bridge is a combined bascule and suspension bridge in London, built between 1886 and 1894. The bridge crosses the River Thames close to the Tower of London and has become an iconic symbol of London. As a result, it is sometimes confused with London Bridge, about half a mile (0.8 km) upstream. Tower Bridge is one of five London bridges owned and maintained by the Bridge House Estates, a charitable trust overseen by the City of London Corporation. It is the only one of the trust's bridges not to connect the City of London directly to the Southwark bank, as its northern landfall is in Tower Hamlets.

The bridge consists of two bridge towers tied together at the upper level by two horizontal walkways, designed to withstand the horizontal tension forces imposed by the suspended sections of the bridge on the landward sides of the towers. The vertical components of the forces in the suspended sections and the vertical reactions of the two walkways are carried by the two robust towers. The bascule pivots and operating machinery are housed in the base of each tower.

The bridge deck is freely accessible to both vehicles and pedestrians, whereas the bridge's twin towers, high-level walkways and Victorian engine rooms form part of the Tower Bridge Exhibition, for which an admission charge is made. The nearest London Underground tube stations are Tower Hill on the Circle and District lines, London Bridge on the Jubilee and Northern lines and Bermondsey on the Jubilee line, and the nearest Docklands Light Railway station is Tower Gateway.[1] The nearest National Rail stations are at Fenchurch Street and London Bridge.

The requested page title contains unsupported characters: "]".

Return to Main Page.


The London Eye, or the Millennium Wheel, is a cantilevered observation wheel on the South Bank of the River Thames in London. It is Europe's tallest cantilevered observation wheel,[10] and is the most popular paid tourist attraction in the United Kingdom with over 3.75 million visitors annually,[11] and has made many appearances in popular culture.

The structure is 135 metres (443 ft) tall and the wheel has a diameter of 120 metres (394 ft). When it opened to the public in 2000 it was the world's tallest Ferris wheel. Its height was surpassed by the 160-metre (525 ft) Star of Nanchang in 2006, the 165-metre (541 ft) Singapore Flyer in 2008, and the 167-metre-tall (547.9 ft) High Roller (Las Vegas) in 2014. Supported by an A-frame on one side only, unlike the taller Nanchang and Singapore wheels, the Eye is described by its operators as "the world's tallest cantilevered observation wheel".[12]

The London Eye used to offer the highest public viewing point in London[13] until it was superseded by the 245-metre-high (804 ft)[14] observation deck on the 72nd floor of The Shard, which opened to the public on 1 February 2013.[15]

The Victoria Tower is a square tower at the south-west end of the Palace of Westminster in London,[1] adjacent to Black Rod's Garden on the west and Old Palace Yard on the east. At 98.5 metres (323 ft), it is slightly taller than the Elizabeth Tower (formerly known as the Clock Tower and popularly known as 'Big Ben') at the north end of the Palace (96.3 metres (316 ft)).[2] At the time of its construction it was tallest square tower in the world. It was designed by Charles Barry in the Perpendicular Gothic style and was completed in 1860. It houses the Parliamentary Archives in archive conditions meeting the BS 5454 standard, on 12 floors. All 14 floors of the building were originally linked via a single wrought-iron Victorian staircase of 553 steps, of which five floors survive.

The main entrance at the base of the tower is the Sovereign's Entrance, through which the Monarch passes at the State Opening of Parliament. On top of the Victoria Tower is an iron flagstaff from which flies the Union Flag or, when the Sovereign is present in the Palace, the Royal Standard. The flag used to be flown only on days when either House of Parliament sat, but since January 2010 it has been flown every day.[3]

The Victoria Tower was purpose-built as a "fireproof repository for books and documents", as required by the competition to rebuild the Palace of Westminster after the fire of 16 October 1834, which had destroyed the building and almost all of the records of the House of Commons. The records of the House of Lords survived the conflagration because they were, at the time, stored in the Jewel Tower, which was at a distance from the main building and still stands across the road from the Victoria Tower.

Sir Charles Barry's design for the new Palace of Westminster featured a tower over the Sovereign's Entrance, 12 floors of which incorporated record storage. Augustus Pugin produced most of the architectural designs and elevations for the project and also the interior design. The first stone of the Tower was laid by Queen Victoria on 22 December 1843, and construction was completed in 1860.



St Paul's Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in London, United Kingdom, which, as the cathedral of the Bishop of London, serves as the mother church of the Diocese of London. It sits on Ludgate Hill at the highest point of the City of London and is a Grade I listed building. Its dedication to Paul the Apostle dates back to the original church on this site, founded in AD 604.[1] The present cathedral, dating from the late 17th century, was designed in the English Baroque style by Sir Christopher Wren. Its construction, completed in Wren's lifetime, was part of a major rebuilding programme in the City after the Great Fire of London.[2][page needed] The cathedral building largely destroyed in the Great Fire, now often referred to as Old St Paul's Cathedral, was a central focus for medieval and early modern London, including Paul's walk and St Paul's Churchyard being the site of St Paul's Cross.

The cathedral is one of the most famous and most recognisable sights of London. Its dome, framed by the spires of Wren's City churches, has dominated the skyline for over 300 years. At 365 feet (111 m) high, it was the tallest building in London from 1710 to 1963. The dome remains among the highest in the world. St Paul's is the second-largest church building in area in the United Kingdom after Liverpool Cathedral.

Services held at St Paul's have included the funerals of Admiral Nelson, the Duke of Wellington, Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher; jubilee celebrations for Queen Victoria; peace services marking the end of the First and Second World Wars; the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer; the launch of the Festival of Britain; and the thanksgiving services for the Silver, Golden and Diamond Jubilees and the 80th and 90th birthdays of Queen Elizabeth II. St Paul's Cathedral is the central subject of much promotional material, as well as of images of the dome surrounded by the smoke and fire of the Blitz.[3]



Big Dipper was a wooden roller coaster located at Battersea Park in London, opened in 1951 and was one of the Battersea Park Funfair's biggest attractions. The ride was the main attraction of the funfair, opened as part of the Festival of Britain.[1] It closed in 1972 after an accident killed five passengers.

Two years after a fire hit the ride, a major fatal accident occurred on 30 May 1972. A train being hoisted up to the start of the ride broke loose from its haulage rope, and the rollback brake failed, causing the cart to roll backwards towards the station. In spite of the efforts of the brakeman the train gathered speed and the back carriage jumped the rails and crashed through a barrier with the other two carriages crashing on top of it. Five children were killed, and thirteen others injured in the accident.

After the accident The Big Dipper was closed, and dismantled. With the lack of a main attraction at the funfair its popularity quickly declined. The rest of the fair was closed two years later in 1974.[1] Very little remains now to even suggest that a funfair once stood on the site.

The Shepherd Gate Clock is mounted on the wall outside the gate of the Royal Greenwich Observatory building in Greenwich, Greater London. The clock, an early example of an electric clock, was a slave mechanism controlled by electric pulses transmitted by a master clock inside the main building. The network of master and slave clocks was constructed and installed by Charles Shepherd in 1852. The clock by the gate was probably the first to display Greenwich Mean Time to the public, and is unusual in using the 24-hour analog dial.  Also it originally showed astronomical time which started at 12 noon not midnight.

The gate clock distributed the time publicly, another time signal of the observatory was the time ball, since 1833. The time ball only showed 1 pm (13:00), but could be seen from afar. Eventually the idea of distributing time signals for the wires lead to more and more electrical distribution of time signals by this method. Time signals, besides from their general importance in the affairs of business, were especially important for ships and running trains for example; and the situation was exacerbated by a lack of accuracy in many clocks in the modern sense.

The system was first developed for the 1851 Great Exhibition (aka the Crystal Palace Exhibition in London), which lead to Airy installing a Shepherd Master and Slave clock system at the observatory.[1] The time comes from the Sheprd Master Clock inside the observatory.[1] In 1866 the time signal from the Sheperd Master Clock were sent across the Atlantic via cable to America.[2]

The original idea for the clock network came from the Astronomer Royal, George Airy. With the arrival of the railway network, a single time standard was needed to replace the various incompatible local times then in use across the country. Airy proposed that this standard time would be provided by the Royal Observatory. His idea was to use what he called "galvanism" or electric signalling to transmit time pulses from Greenwich to slave clocks throughout the country, and perhaps to Europe and the colonies too. The new undersea cable recently installed between Dover to Calais in 1851 raised the possibility of sending time signals between England and France – this would allow longitude differences to be measured very accurately, for the first time.





London is one of the world's leading tourism destinations, and the city is home to an array of famous tourist attractions. The city attracted 20.42 million international visitors in 2018, making it one of the world's most visited in terms of international visits.[1] It welcomed an additional 27.8 million overnighting domestic tourists in 2017[2], and had 280 million daytrippers in 2015 [3].

The Travel & Tourism sector in the United Kingdom contributed GBP66.3 billion to the GDP, 3.4% of total GDP in 2016 and is expected to rise by 2.2% pa, from 2017–2027, to GBP84.6 billion, which could comprise up to 3.6% of the total GDP in 2027.[4][better source needed]

Westminster_abbey_west.jpg ‎(450 × 600 pixels, file size: 84 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)



Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.

The following other wikis use this file:


Coordinates: 51°30′03″N 0°07′19″W﻿ / ﻿51.50083°N 0.12194°W﻿ / 51.50083; -0.12194

Westminster Bridge is a road-and-foot-traffic bridge over the River Thames in London, linking Westminster on the west side and Lambeth on the east side.

The bridge is painted predominantly green, the same colour as the leather seats in the House of Commons which is on the side of the Palace of Westminster nearest to the bridge, but a natural shade similar to verdigris. This is in contrast to Lambeth Bridge, which is red, the same colour as the seats in the House of Lords and is on the opposite side of the Houses of Parliament.[2]

In 2005–2007, it underwent a complete refurbishment, including replacing the iron fascias and repainting the whole bridge.
It links the Palace of Westminster on the west side of the river with County Hall and the London Eye on the east and was the finishing point during the early years of the London Marathon.



The Palace of Westminster serves as the meeting place for both the House of Commons and the House of Lords, the two houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Informally known as the Houses of Parliament after its occupants, the Palace lies on the north bank of the River Thames in the City of Westminster, in central London, England.

Its name, which derives from the neighbouring Westminster Abbey, may refer to either of two structures: the Old Palace, a medieval building-complex destroyed by fire in 1834, or its replacement, the New Palace that stands today. The palace is owned by the monarch in right of the Crown and, for ceremonial purposes, retains its original status as a royal residence. Committees appointed by both houses manage the building and report to the Speaker of the House of Commons and to the Lord Speaker.

The first royal palace constructed on the site dated from the 11th century, and Westminster became the primary residence of the Kings of England until fire destroyed much of the complex in 1512. After that, it served as the home of the Parliament of England, which had met there since the 13th century, and also as the seat of the Royal Courts of Justice, based in and around Westminster Hall. In 1834 an even greater fire ravaged the heavily rebuilt Houses of Parliament, and the only significant medieval structures to survive were Westminster Hall, the Cloisters of St Stephen's, the Chapel of St Mary Undercroft, and the Jewel Tower.

Analemmatic sundials are a type of horizontal sundial that has a vertical gnomon and hour markers positioned in an elliptical pattern. The gnomon is not fixed and must change position daily to accurately indicate time of day. Hence there are no hour lines on the dial and the time of day is read only on the ellipse.[1] As with most sundials, analemmatic sundials mark solar time rather than clock time. An analemmatic sundial is completely defined by[2][3]

Analemmatic sundials are sometimes designed with a human as the gnomon. In this case the size of the hour marker ellipse is constrained by human height and the latitude of the sundial location, since the human gnomon shadow must fall on the hour marker ellipse to accurately indicate the time of day. Human gnomon analemmatic sundials are not practical at lower latitudes where a human shadow is quite short during the summer months. A 66-inch tall person casts a 4-inch shadow at 27 deg latitude on the summer solstice.[1]

The use of the adjective "analemmatic" to describe this class of sundial can be misleading, because there is no use of the equation of time or the analemma in the design of an analemmatic sundial. Mayall refers to the analemmatic sundial as "the so-called Analemmatic Dial", implying a lack of connection to the analemma.[4] The dial of Brou in front of the church of Brou in Bourg-en-Bresse, France is an example of the erroneous use of the analemma in the construction of an analemmatic sundial.  Rohr states "The gnomon is displaced on the short axis of the ellipse and not on the meridian, whose presence here in the shape of an 8 is a mistake."[5]

An analemmatic sundial uses a vertical gnomon and its hour lines are the vertical projection of the hour lines of a circular equatorial sundial onto a flat plane.[6] Therefore, the analemmatic sundial is an ellipse, where the short axis is aligned North-South and the long axis is aligned East-West. The noon hour line points true North, whereas the hour lines for 6am and 6pm point due West and East, respectively; the ratio of the short to long axes equals the sine sin(Φ) of the local geographical latitude, denoted Φ. All the hour lines converge to a single centre; the angle θ of a given hour line with the noon hour is given by the formula

Dent was a London manufacturer of luxury clocks and watches, founded by Edward John Dent. Dent began making watches in 1814, although the Dent triangular trade mark was not registered until 1876. A notable success for the company was winning the contract to make the clock for the new palace of Westminster, which became known as Big Ben.

Edward John Dent (1790-1853) discovered his passion for horology from his cousin, Richard Rippon, himself a master watchmaker. Dent established his own company in 1814, and developed a reputation as a builder of accurate chronometers. One of his chronometers won the First Premium Award in the 1829 Greenwich Trials. The Royal Navy equipped themselves with Dent's chronometers.

Dent's chronometers accompanied some of the 19th century's most influential explorers. Robert FitzRoy took Dent chronometer no. 633 aboard HMS Beagle in 1831[1] the voyage that eventually led to the publication of On the Origin of Species – Darwin's revolutionary theory of evolution.

Two decades later, David Livingstone purchased Dent chronometer no. 1800 for his African explorations. And in 1890, the explorer H.M. Stanley was moved to write to Dent that “the Chronometers supplied by you, and which were taken across Africa in my last Expedition, proved a very great service to me and were in every way thoroughly satisfactory and reliable”.[2]



The Emley Moor transmitting station[1] is a telecommunications and broadcasting facility on Emley Moor,[1] 1 mile (1.6 km) west of the village centre of Emley,[n 1] mid-way between the villages of Kirkburton and West Bretton, in turn between Huddersfield and Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England. It is made up of a 1,084-foot-tall (330.4 m)[1] concrete tower and apparatus which began transmitting in 1971. It is protected under UK law as a Grade II listed building. It is the tallest freestanding structure in the United Kingdom,[1][2] seventh-tallest freestanding structure and fourth-tallest tower in Europe outside Russia,[1] and 24th-tallest tower in the world.[1]

The tower's current official name, The Arqiva Tower, is shown on a sign beside the offices at the base of the tower, but it is commonly known just as "Emley Moor".[1]

In March 2018 a temporary mast was erected so that work could be undertaken on the main tower's transmitting arrays without interrupting transmissions. The temporary mast, at 324m, is slightly shorter than the original tower, but lit in the same way with aircraft warning lights.[3]


This is a list of the tallest buildings and structures in the United Kingdom by usage.

*Estimated height

The tallest building which will be partly occupied by commercial offices is the 306 m  Shard, London.

Cineworld Glasgow (Glasgow, Scotland) - 62 m (203 ft)[68]



The Jubilee Walkway is an official walking route in London. It was originally opened as the Silver Jubilee Walkway to commemorate Queen Elizabeth II's accession; the Queen herself opened it on 9 June 1977 during her silver jubilee celebrations. The intention was to connect many of London's major tourist attractions and it is now one of seven such walks within the Mayor of London's strategic walking routes. Its length is 15 miles.

The Jubilee Walkway Trust was set up in 1978 to look after the trail, in collaboration with local authorities.

On 24 October 2002, during the Queen's golden jubilee, the renamed Jubilee Walkway (the word Silver was dropped as appropriate) reopened after refurbishment and a new spur walk was opened in 2003, called the Camden loop, which took walkers into north-west London.



The statue of Margaret Thatcher in the Guildhall, London, is a marble sculpture of Margaret Thatcher. It was commissioned in 1998 from the sculptor Neil Simmons by the Speaker's Advisory Committee on Works of Art;[1] paid for by an anonymous donor, it was intended for a plinth among statues of former Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom in the Members' Lobby of the House of Commons. However as the House did not permit a statue to be erected there during its subject's lifetime, the work had been temporarily housed in Guildhall.[2] It was unveiled there by Thatcher in May 1998.[3][4]

On 3 July 2002, theatre producer Paul Kelleher decapitated the statue while it was on display at Guildhall Art Gallery.[3][5][6] Having unsuccessfully taken a swing at the statue with a Slazenger V600 cricket bat concealed in his trousers, Kelleher picked up a metal pole from a nearby rope cordon and used it to decapitate the £150,000 statue.[3][5][6][7] After the vandalism he waited to be arrested by the police who arrived minutes later. He joked on capture: "I think it looks better like that."[7]

Following the loss of its head, the statue was removed from display. Although it was estimated that the work could be repaired for about £10,000, statue experts worried that it would never be the same.[7]



The Royal Observatory, Greenwich (ROG;[1] known as the Old Royal Observatory from 1957 to 1998, when the working Royal Greenwich Observatory, RGO, moved from Greenwich to Herstmonceux) is an observatory situated on a hill in Greenwich Park, overlooking the River Thames. It played a major role in the history of astronomy and navigation, and because the prime meridian passes through it, it gave its name to Greenwich Mean Time. The ROG has the IAU observatory code of 000, the first in the list.[2] ROG, the National Maritime Museum, the Queen's House and Cutty Sark are collectively designated Royal Museums Greenwich.[1]

The observatory was commissioned in 1675 by King Charles II, with the foundation stone being laid on 10 August. The site was chosen by Sir Christopher Wren.[3] At that time the king also created the position of Astronomer Royal, to serve as the director of the observatory and to "apply himself with the most exact care and diligence to the rectifying of the tables of the motions of the heavens, and the places of the fixed stars, so as to find out the so much desired longitude of places for the perfecting of the art of navigation." He appointed John Flamsteed as the first Astronomer Royal. The building was completed in the summer of 1676.[4] The building was often called "Flamsteed House", in reference to its first occupant.

The scientific work of the observatory was relocated elsewhere in stages in the first half of the 20th century, and the Greenwich site is now maintained almost exclusively as a museum, although the AMAT telescope became operational for astronomical research in 2018.



The Shard,[a] also referred to as the Shard of Glass,[10][11] Shard London Bridge[12] and formerly London Bridge Tower,[13][14][15] is a 95-storey supertall skyscraper, designed by the Italian architect Renzo Piano, in Southwark, London, that forms part of the Shard Quarter development. Standing 309.6 metres (1,016 ft) high, the Shard is the tallest building in the United Kingdom, and the sixth-tallest building in Europe.[3][16][17] It is also the second-tallest free-standing structure in the United Kingdom, after the concrete tower of the Emley Moor transmitting station.[18] It replaced Southwark Towers, a 24-storey office block built on the site in 1975.

The Shard's construction began in March 2009; it was topped out on 30 March 2012[19] and inaugurated on 5 July 2012.[20] Practical completion was achieved in November 2012. The tower's privately operated observation deck, The View from The Shard, was opened to the public on 1 February 2013.[4][21][22] The glass-clad pyramidal tower has 72 habitable floors, with a viewing gallery and open-air observation deck on the 72nd floor, at a height of 244 metres (801 ft).[7][23] The Shard was developed by Sellar Property Group on behalf of LBQ Ltd and is jointly owned by Sellar Property (5%) and the State of Qatar (95%).[9] The Shard is managed by Real Estate Management (UK) Limited on behalf of the owners.

In 1998, London-based entrepreneur Irvine Sellar and his then-partners decided to redevelop the 1970s-era Southwark Towers following a UK government white paper encouraging the development of tall buildings at major transport hubs. Sellar flew to Berlin in the spring of 2000 to meet the Italian architect Renzo Piano for lunch. According to Sellar, Piano spoke of his contempt for conventional tall buildings during the meal, before flipping over the restaurant's menu and sketching a spire-like sculpture emerging from the River Thames.[24]



The London Millennium Tower was one of several ideas for the site of the former Baltic Exchange at 30 St Mary Axe, City of London that had been destroyed beyond repair by a Provisional IRA bomb blast.[1]

Designed by Foster & Partners, for then owner Trafalgar House, the plan was for the building to be the tallest in Europe and the sixth tallest in the world at that time, behind the twin Petronas Towers in Malaysia, the Sears Tower (now called the Willis Tower) in Chicago, and the twin towers of the World Trade Center in New York. Its height was planned at 386 metres (1,265 ft), with 92 floors, which means it would have been 39th in the world today, and would be overtaken in Europe by the Federation Tower. A public viewing platform was planned for 1000 ft above ground level.

The scheme featured a highly unorthodox floor layout, essentially two asymmetrical ellipses joined at one end. When the plans were first unveiled in 1996, the Guardian newspaper coined the term "erotic gherkin",[2] a name that was quickly taken up by other media and which stuck even after the plan was superseded, eventually becoming 30 St Mary Axe, the name of a different skyscraper that stands on the site today.



30 St Mary Axe (known previously as the Swiss Re Building), informally known as The Gherkin, is a commercial skyscraper in London's primary financial district, the City of London. It was completed in December 2003 and opened in April 2004.[10] With 41 floors, it is 180 metres (591 ft) tall[3] and stands on the former sites of the Baltic Exchange and Chamber of Shipping, which were extensively damaged in 1992 in the Baltic Exchange bombing by a device placed by the Provisional IRA in St Mary Axe, a narrow street leading north from Leadenhall Street.[4][11]

After plans to build the 92-storey Millennium Tower were dropped, 30 St Mary Axe was designed by Norman Foster and Arup Group.[12] It was erected by Skanska; construction started in 2001.[3]

The building has become a recognisable landmark of London, and it is one of the city's most widely recognised examples of contemporary architecture.

Original file ‎(1,806 × 1,198 pixels, file size: 505 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

 This tag can be used only when the author cannot be ascertained by reasonable enquiry. If you wish to rely on it, please specify in the image description the research you have carried out to find who the author was.

 The above is all subject to any overriding publication right which may exist. In practice, Publication right will often override the first of the bullet points listed.

Unpublished anonymous paintings remain in copyright until at least 1 January 2040. This tag does not apply to engravings or musical works. More information



Trafalgar Square (/trəˈfælɡər/ trə-FAL-gər) is a public square in the City of Westminster, Central London, built around the area formerly known as Charing Cross. Its name commemorates the Battle of Trafalgar, the British naval victory in the Napoleonic Wars over France and Spain that took place on 21 October 1805 off the coast of Cape Trafalgar.

The site of Trafalgar Square had been a significant landmark since the 13th century and originally contained the King's Mews. After George IV moved the mews to Buckingham Palace, the area was redeveloped by John Nash, but progress was slow after his death, and the square did not open until 1844. The 169-foot (52 m) Nelson's Column at its centre is guarded by four lion statues. A number of commemorative statues and sculptures occupy the square, but the Fourth Plinth, left empty since 1840, has been host to contemporary art since 1999.

The square has been used for community gatherings and political demonstrations, including Bloody Sunday in 1887, the culmination of the first Aldermaston March, anti-war protests, and campaigns against climate change. A Christmas tree has been donated to the square by Norway since 1947 and is erected for twelve days before and after Christmas Day. The square is a centre of annual celebrations on New Year's Eve. It was well known for its feral pigeons until their removals in the early 21st century.

A "ring of bells" is the name bell ringers give to a set of bells hung for  English full circle ringing. The term "peal of bells" is often used, though peal also refers to a change ringing performance of more than about 5,000 changes. 

By ringing a bell in a full circle, it was found in the early 17th century that the speed of the bell could be easily altered and the interval between successive soundings (strikes) of the bell could be accurately controlled. A set of bells rung in this manner can be made to strike in different sequences.  This ability to control the speed of bells soon led to the development of change ringing where the striking sequence of the bells is changed to give variety and musicality to the sound.

The vast majority of "rings" are in church towers in the Anglican church in England and can be three to sixteen bells, though six and eight bell towers are the most common. They are tuned to the notes of a diatonic scale, and range from a few hundredweight (100 kg) up to a few tons (4,000 kg) in weight. They are most commonly associated with churches as a means of calling the congregation to worship, but there are a few rings in secular buildings. Smaller rings of bells, known as "mini-rings" have come recently into existence for training, demonstration or leisure purposes, with bells weighing just a few kilograms.

The full-circle bell is hung from bearings at the headstock and can be swung through an arc of over 360 degrees using a rope wrapping round a circular bell wheel in alternate directions. This allows the speed of the bell to be changed, by controlling the arc of the swing. The larger the arc, the slower the rate of striking. 



The Palace of Westminster serves as the meeting place for both the House of Commons and the House of Lords, the two houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Informally known as the Houses of Parliament after its occupants, the Palace lies on the north bank of the River Thames in the City of Westminster, in central London, England.

Its name, which derives from the neighbouring Westminster Abbey, may refer to either of two structures: the Old Palace, a medieval building-complex destroyed by fire in 1834, or its replacement, the New Palace that stands today. The palace is owned by the monarch in right of the Crown and, for ceremonial purposes, retains its original status as a royal residence. Committees appointed by both houses manage the building and report to the Speaker of the House of Commons and to the Lord Speaker.

The first royal palace constructed on the site dated from the 11th century, and Westminster became the primary residence of the Kings of England until fire destroyed much of the complex in 1512. After that, it served as the home of the Parliament of England, which had met there since the 13th century, and also as the seat of the Royal Courts of Justice, based in and around Westminster Hall. In 1834 an even greater fire ravaged the heavily rebuilt Houses of Parliament, and the only significant medieval structures to survive were Westminster Hall, the Cloisters of St Stephen's, the Chapel of St Mary Undercroft, and the Jewel Tower.

Original file ‎(4,161 × 2,754 pixels, file size: 2.37 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

 

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0
CC BY-SA 3.0 
Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 
truetrue



Original file ‎(SVG file, nominally 512 × 439 pixels, file size: 6 KB)

македонски

 

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5
CC BY-SA 2.5 
Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.5 
truetrue



The Jovian–Plutonian gravitational effect was a hoax phenomenon purported to cause a noticeable short-term reduction in gravity on Earth that was invented for April Fools' Day by the English astronomer Patrick Moore and broadcast on BBC Radio 2 on 1 April 1976.

Patrick Moore (4 March 1923 – 9 December 2012) was the doyen of British television astronomers, boasting a long career in public service broadcasting, a quick-fire manner of speech, and a number of eccentric habits, including the wearing of a monocle. A wartime navigator in the Royal Air Force's Bomber Command, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1945 and presented BBC Television's The Sky at Night programme from 1957 until his death. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1968. Above all, Moore had a high level of public recognition in the United Kingdom as a respected astronomer.[1]

The planet Jupiter is two and a half times as massive as all of the other planets in the Solar System combined.[2]

St Edward's Crown is the centrepiece of the  Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom.[2] Named after Saint Edward the Confessor, it has been traditionally used to crown English and British monarchs at their coronations since the 13th century.

The original crown was a holy relic kept at Westminster Abbey, Edward's burial place, until the regalia was either sold or melted down when Parliament abolished the monarchy in 1649, during the English Civil War.

The present version of St Edward's Crown was made for Charles II in 1661. It is solid gold, 30 centimetres (12 in) tall, weighs 2.23 kilograms (4.9 lb), and is decorated with 444 precious and semi-precious stones. The crown is similar in weight and overall appearance to the original, but its arches are Baroque.

After 1689, it was not used to crown a monarch for over 200 years. In 1911, the tradition was revived by George V, and all subsequent monarchs (except Edward VIII who was not crowned at all) have been crowned using St Edward's Crown. A stylised image of this crown is used on coats of arms, badges, logos and various other insignia in the Commonwealth realms to symbolise the royal authority of Queen Elizabeth II.



Big Ben is the nickname for the Great Bell of the striking clock at the north end of the Palace of Westminster in London[1] and is usually extended to refer to both the clock and the clock tower.[2][3] The official name of the tower in which Big Ben is located was originally the Clock Tower; it was renamed Elizabeth Tower in 2012 to mark the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II, Queen of the United Kingdom.

The tower was designed by Augustus Pugin in a neo-Gothic style. When completed in 1859, its clock was the largest and most accurate four-faced striking and chiming clock in the world.[4] The tower stands 315 feet (96 m) tall, and the climb from ground level to the belfry is 334 steps. Its base is square, measuring 39 feet (12 m) on each side. Dials of the clock are 23 feet (7.0 m) in diameter. On 31 May 2009, celebrations were held to mark the tower's 150th anniversary.[5]

Big Ben is the largest of the tower's five bells and weighs 13.5 long tons (13.7 tonnes; 15.1 short tons).[1] It was the largest bell in the United Kingdom for 23 years. The origin of the bell's nickname is open to question; it may be named after Sir Benjamin Hall, who oversaw its installation, or heavyweight boxing champion Benjamin Caunt. Four quarter bells chime at 15, 30 and 45 minutes past the hour and just before Big Ben tolls on the hour. The clock uses its original Victorian mechanism, but an electric motor can be used as a backup.



Stanford University, officially Leland Stanford Junior University,[12] is a private research university in Stanford, California. The university was founded in 1885 by Leland and Jane Stanford in memory of their only child, Leland Stanford Jr., who had died of typhoid fever at age 15 the previous year. Stanford was a U.S. Senator and former Governor of California who made his fortune as a railroad tycoon. The school admitted its first students on October 1, 1891,[2][3] as a coeducational and non-denominational institution.

Stanford University struggled financially after the death of Leland Stanford in 1893 and again after much of the campus was damaged by the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.[13] Following World War II, Provost Frederick Terman supported faculty and graduates' entrepreneurialism to build self-sufficient local industry in what would later be known as Silicon Valley.[14] The university is also one of the top fundraising institutions in the country, becoming the first school to raise more than a billion dollars in a year.[15]

The university is organized around seven schools: three schools consisting of 40 academic departments at the undergraduate level as well as four professional schools that focus on graduate programs in law, medicine, education, and business. All schools are on the same campus. Students compete in 36 varsity sports, and the university is one of two private institutions in the Division I FBS Pac-12 Conference. It has gained 126 NCAA team championships,[16] and Stanford has won the NACDA Directors' Cup for 24 consecutive years, beginning in 1994–1995.[17] In addition, Stanford students and alumni have won 270 Olympic medals including 139 gold medals.[18]



Stanford is a census-designated place (CDP) in the northwest corner of Santa Clara County, California, United States and is the home of Stanford University. The population was 13,809 at the 2010 census, with a daily population of 35,000.[3]

Stanford is an unincorporated area of Santa Clara County and is adjacent to the city of Palo Alto.

Most of the Stanford University campus and other core University owned land is situated within the census-designated place of Stanford though the Stanford University Medical Center, the Stanford Shopping Center, and the Stanford Research Park are officially part of the city of Palo Alto. Its resident population consists of the inhabitants of on-campus housing, including graduate student residences and single-family homes and condominiums owned by their faculty inhabitants but located on leased Stanford land.  A residential neighborhood adjacent to the Stanford campus, College Terrace, featuring streets named after universities and colleges, is neither part of the Stanford CDP nor owned by the University (except for a few individual houses[4]) but is instead part of Palo Alto.



This page lists the members of Stanford University, including students, alumni, faculty and academic affiliates associated. 

Acting presidents were temporary appointments.  Swain served while Wilbur was United States Secretary of the Interior under Herbert Hoover; Eurich and Faust after the unexpected death of Tresidder.[1][2]

The position was created in 1952.[5]



Stanford University has many centers and institutes dedicated to the study of various specific topics.  These centers and institutes may be within a department, within a school but across departments, an independent laboratory, institute or center reporting directly to the Dean of Research and outside any school, or semi-independent of the University itself.

These report directly to the Vice-Provost and Dean of Research and are outside any school though any faculty involved in them must belong to a department in one of the schools. These include Bio-X and Spectrum in the area of Biological and Life Sciences; Precourt Institute for Energy and Woods Institute for the Environment in the Environmental Sciences area; the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (CASBS),  the Center for the Study of Language and Information (CSLI) (see below), Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI) (see below), Human-Sciences and Technologies Advance Research Institute (H-STAR), Stanford Center on Longevity (SCL), Stanford Humanities Center (see below), and the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research (SIEPR) in the area of Humanities and Social Sciences; and, for Physical Sciences, the Edward L. Ginzton Laboratory, the Geballe Laboratory for Advanced Materials, the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology, Photon Ultrafast Laser Science and Engineering (PULSE), Stanford Institute for Materials and Energy Sciences (SIMES),[1] and W. W. Hansen Experimental Physics Laboratory (HEPL).[2]

The Center for the Study of Language and Information (CSLI) is an independent research center at Stanford University. Founded in 1983 by philosophers, computer scientists, linguists, and psychologists from Stanford, SRI International, and Xerox PARC, it strives to study all forms of information and improve how humans and computers acquire and process it.



The University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley, Berkeley, Cal, or California)[7][8] is a public research university in Berkeley, California.[8] Founded in 1868, it is the oldest and flagship campus of the University of California system and has been ranked by numerous major education publications as among the top 10 universities in the world.[9][10][11][12][13]

Berkeley is one of the 14 founding members of the Association of American Universities and had $797 million in R&D expenditures in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2018.[14] Today, Berkeley maintains close relationships with three United States Department of Energy National Laboratories—Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Los Alamos National Laboratory—and is home to many institutes, including the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute and the Space Sciences Laboratory.[15] Through its partner institution University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), Berkeley also offers a joint medical program at the UCSF Medical Center.[16]

As of October 2019[update], Berkeley alumni, faculty members and researchers include 107 Nobel laureates, the third most of any university worldwide, as well as 25 Turing Award winners and 14 Fields Medalists. They have also won 19 Wolf Prizes, 45 MacArthur Fellowships,[17] 20 Academy Awards, 20 Pulitzer Prizes, and 207 Olympic medals.[18] In 1930, Ernest Lawrence invented the cyclotron at Berkeley, based on which UC Berkeley researchers along with Berkeley Lab have discovered or co-discovered 16 chemical elements – more than any other university.[19][20][21] During the 1940s, Berkeley physicist J. R. Oppenheimer, the "Father of the Atomic Bomb", led the Manhattan project to create the first atomic bomb. In the 1960s, Berkeley was particularly noted for the Free Speech Movement as well as the anti–Vietnam War movement led by its students.[22][23][24] In the 21st century, Berkeley has become one of the leading universities in producing entrepreneurs, and its alumni have founded or co-founded many companies worldwide, including Apple, Tesla, Intel, eBay, SoftBank, AIG, and Morgan Stanley.[25][26][27][28][29]

The Stanford University School of Humanities and Sciences is the heart of the undergraduate program and grants the majority of Stanford University's degrees. The School has 23 departments and
20 interdisciplinary degree-granting programs. The School was officially created in 1948, from the merger of the Schools of Biological Sciences, Humanities, Physical Sciences, and Social Sciences.  Those schools date from the mid-1920s when the university first organized individual departments into schools.[1]

The school is divided into three divisions: Humanities and Arts, Natural Sciences, and Social Sciences.

Division of Literatures, Cultures, and Languages

The current Biology department was formed by merging Botany, Zoology, Entomology, and Physiology to form Biological Sciences.  The name of this department was changed to Biology in 2009.

The Hoover Institution on War, Revolution, and Peace is an American public policy think tank and research institution located at Stanford University in California. It began as a library founded in 1919 by Stanford alumnus Herbert Hoover, before he became President of the United States. The library, known as the Hoover Institution Library and Archives, houses multiple archives related to Hoover, World War I, World War II, and other world history. According to the 2016 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report (Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program, University of Pennsylvania), Hoover is No. 18 (of 90) in the "Top Think Tanks in the United States".[2]

The Hoover Institution is a unit of Stanford University[3] but has its own board of overseers.[4] It is located on the campus.  Its mission statement outlines its basic tenets: representative government, private enterprise, peace, personal freedom, and the safeguards of the American system.[5] The institution is generally described as conservative.[6][7][8]

The institution has been a place of scholarship for individuals who previously held high-profile positions in government, such as George Shultz, Condoleezza Rice, Michael Boskin, Edward Lazear, John B. Taylor, Edwin Meese, and Amy Zegart—all Hoover Institution fellows. In 2007, retired U.S. Army General John P. Abizaid, former commander of the U.S. Central Command, was named the Institution's first annual Annenberg Distinguished Visiting Fellow.[9] Former Secretary of Defense General James Mattis served as a research fellow at Hoover before being appointed by the Trump administration.[10]

The institution is housed in four buildings on the Stanford campus. The most prominent facility is the landmark Hoover Tower, which is a popular visitor attraction. The tower features an observation deck on the top level that provides visitors with a panoramic view of the Stanford campus and surrounding area. Additionally, the institution has a branch office in the Johnson Center in Washington, DC.



Palo Alto (/ˌpæloʊ ˈæltoʊ/) is a charter city located in the northwestern corner of Santa Clara County, California, United States, in the San Francisco Bay Area. Palo Alto means tall stick in Spanish; the city is named after a coastal redwood tree called El Palo Alto.

The city was established by Leland Stanford Sr. when he founded Stanford University, following the death of his son, Leland Stanford Jr. Palo Alto includes portions of Stanford University and shares its borders with East Palo Alto, Mountain View, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Stanford, Portola Valley, and Menlo Park. As of the 2010 census, the city's total resident population is 64,403.[5] Palo Alto is one of the five most expensive cities in the United States to live in[7][8] and its residents are among the highest educated in the country.[9]

As one of the principal cities of Silicon Valley, Palo Alto is headquarters to a number of high-technology companies, including Hewlett-Packard (HP), Space Systems/Loral, VMware, Tesla, Ford Research and Innovation Center, PARC, IDEO, Skype, Palantir Technologies, Houzz, and Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center.[10] Palo Alto has also served as an incubator and is headquarters to several other prominent high-technology companies such as Apple,[11] Google,[12] Facebook, Logitech,[13] Intuit, Pinterest, and PayPal.



San José State University (San Jose State or SJSU) is a public university in San Jose, California. SJSU is the oldest public university on the West Coast and the founding campus of the California State University (CSU) system.[11][12]

Located in downtown San Jose, the SJSU main campus is situated on 154 acres (62 ha), or roughly 19 square blocks. SJSU offers 145 bachelor's and master's degrees with 108 concentrations and five credential programs with 19 concentrations.[13][14] The university also offers four doctoral degrees as of fall 2019.[15] SJSU is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).[16]

SJSU's total enrollment was 33,282 in fall 2019, including over 5,400 graduate and credential students. SJSU's student population is one of the most ethnically diverse in the nation. As of fall 2019, graduate student enrollment, Asian and international student enrollments at SJSU were the highest of any campus in the CSU system.[9][17]



The University of California, Santa Barbara (UC Santa Barbara or UCSB) is a public research university in Santa Barbara, California.  It is one of the 10 campuses of the University of California system. Tracing its roots back to 1891 as an independent teachers' college, UCSB joined the University of California system in 1944 and is the third-oldest general-education campus in the system.

The university is a comprehensive doctoral university and is organized into five colleges and schools offering 87 undergraduate degrees and 55 graduate degrees. In his 2001 book The Public Ivies: America's Flagship Public Universities, author Howard Greene labeled UCSB a "Public Ivy".[6]

UC Santa Barbara is a research university with 10 national research centers,[7] including the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics[8] and the Center for Control, Dynamical-Systems and Computation.[9] Current UCSB faculty includes six Nobel Prize laureates, one Fields Medalist, 39 members of the National Academy of Sciences, 27 members of the National Academy of Engineering, and 34 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.[10] UCSB was the No. 3 host on the ARPAnet and was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1995. The faculty also includes two Academy and Emmy Award winners, and recipients of a Millennium Technology Prize, an IEEE Medal of Honor, a National Medal of Technology and Innovation  and a Breakthrough Prize in Fundamental Physics.

The Stanford Cardinal are the athletic teams that represent Stanford University. As of December 22, 2019, Stanford's program has won 126 NCAA team championships, as well as 25 consecutive NACDA Directors' Cups, awarded annually to the most successful overall college sports program in the nation. As of February 15, 2019, Stanford-affiliated athletes have won 270 Olympic medals.[3] Stanford's teams compete at the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I (Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) for college football) level as a member of the Pac-12 Conference, along with other schools from the western third of the United States.

Following its win over Cal in the first-ever Big Game in 1892, the color cardinal was picked as the primary color of Stanford's athletic teams. White was adopted as a secondary color in the 1940s.

On November 25, 1930, following a unanimous vote by the Executive Committee for the Associated Students, the athletic department adopted the mascot "Indian". A few months after the football team's second straight win in the Rose Bowl in January 1972, the Indian symbol and name were dropped by President Richard Lyman,[4] after objections from Native American students and a vote by the student senate.[1][5]

From 1972 to 1981, the official nickname returned to "Cardinals," a reference to the color, not the bird.[1][6] During the 1970s, a number of suggestions were put forth as possible nicknames: Robber Barons (a sly reference to Leland Stanford's history),[6] Sequoias, Trees, Railroaders, Spikes, Huns and Griffins. The last suggestion gained enough momentum to prompt the university to place two griffin statues near the athletic facilities.[1]



Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey. Founded in 1746 in Elizabeth as the  College of New Jersey, Princeton is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution.[8][a] The institution moved to Newark in 1747, then to the current site nine years later. It was renamed to Princeton University in 1896.[13]

Princeton provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and engineering.[14] It offers professional degrees through the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, the School of Engineering and Applied Science, the School of Architecture and the Bendheim Center for Finance. The university has ties with the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton Theological Seminary and the Westminster Choir College of Rider University.[b] Princeton has the largest endowment per student in the United States.[15]

As of March 2020, 68 Nobel laureates, 15 Fields Medalists and 14 Turing Award laureates have been affiliated with Princeton University as alumni, faculty members or researchers. In addition, Princeton has been associated with 21 National Medal of Science winners, 5 Abel Prize winners, 5 National Humanities Medal recipients, 209 Rhodes Scholars, 139 Gates Cambridge Scholars and 126 Marshall Scholars.[16] Two U.S. Presidents, twelve U.S. Supreme Court Justices (three of whom currently serve on the court) and numerous living billionaires and foreign heads of state are all counted among Princeton's alumni body. Princeton has also graduated many prominent members of the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Cabinet, including eight Secretaries of State, three Secretaries of Defense and the current Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

The Computer Science Department  at Stanford University in Stanford, California, is a leading school for computer science.  It was founded in 1965  and has consistently been ranked as one of the top computer science programs in the world.  Its location in Silicon Valley makes it unique among computer science programs.

The Stanford University Computer Science Department was founded in 1965 by George Forsythe.

The CS department grants B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees.

The Gates Computer Science Building, or "Gates Building" houses the Computer Science Department as well as the Computer Systems Laboratory. It also houses 550 faculty, staff and students. The building was named after Bill Gates, who donated $6 million of its total cost of $38 million. It was constructed over two years and completed in 1996.



The Stanford Graduate School of Business (also known as Stanford GSB or the GSB) is the graduate business school of Stanford University in Stanford, California.

Stanford GSB offers a general management Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree, the MSx Program (MS in Management for mid-career executives) and a PhD program, along with joint degrees with other schools at Stanford including Earth Sciences, Education, Engineering, Law and Medicine. The GSB also offers Stanford LEAD, an online professional certificate program.

The school was founded in 1925 when trustee Herbert Hoover formed a committee consisting of Wallace Alexander, George Rolph, Paul Shoup, Thomas Gregory, and Milton Esberg to secure the needed funds for the school's founding.[3] Willard Hotchkiss became the first dean of Stanford GSB.



Stanford University has many centers and institutes dedicated to the study of various specific topics.  These centers and institutes may be within a department, within a school but across departments, an independent laboratory, institute or center reporting directly to the Dean of Research and outside any school, or semi-independent of the University itself.

These report directly to the Vice-Provost and Dean of Research and are outside any school though any faculty involved in them must belong to a department in one of the schools. These include Bio-X and Spectrum in the area of Biological and Life Sciences; Precourt Institute for Energy and Woods Institute for the Environment in the Environmental Sciences area; the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (CASBS),  the Center for the Study of Language and Information (CSLI) (see below), Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI) (see below), Human-Sciences and Technologies Advance Research Institute (H-STAR), Stanford Center on Longevity (SCL), Stanford Humanities Center (see below), and the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research (SIEPR) in the area of Humanities and Social Sciences; and, for Physical Sciences, the Edward L. Ginzton Laboratory, the Geballe Laboratory for Advanced Materials, the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology, Photon Ultrafast Laser Science and Engineering (PULSE), Stanford Institute for Materials and Energy Sciences (SIMES),[1] and W. W. Hansen Experimental Physics Laboratory (HEPL).[2]

The Center for the Study of Language and Information (CSLI) is an independent research center at Stanford University. Founded in 1983 by philosophers, computer scientists, linguists, and psychologists from Stanford, SRI International, and Xerox PARC, it strives to study all forms of information and improve how humans and computers acquire and process it.



Stanford University School of Medicine is the medical school of Stanford University and is located in Stanford, California. It traces its roots to the Medical Department of the University of the Pacific, founded in San Francisco in 1858. This medical institution, then called Cooper Medical College, was acquired by Stanford in 1908. The medical school moved to the Stanford campus near Palo Alto, California, in 1959.

The School of Medicine, along with Stanford Health Care and Lucile Packard Children's Hospital, is part of Stanford Medicine. Stanford Health Care was ranked the fourth best hospital in California.[1]

In 1855, Illinois physician Elias Samuel Cooper moved to San Francisco in the wake of the California Gold Rush. In cooperation with the University of the Pacific (also known as California Wesleyan College), Cooper established the Medical Department of the University of the Pacific, the first medical school on the West Coast, in 1858, on Mission Street near 3rd Street in San Francisco. However, in 1862 Cooper died, and without his leadership, the Medical Department of the University of the Pacific became moribund.[2]

The Stegner Fellowship program is a two-year creative writing fellowship at Stanford University. The award is named after American Wallace Stegner (1909—1993), a historian, novelist, short story writer, environmentalist, and Stanford faculty member who founded the university's creative writing program.

Ten fellowships are awarded every year, five in fiction and five in poetry. The recipients do not need a degree to receive the fellowships, though many fellows already hold the terminal M.F.A. degree in creative writing. A workshop-based program, no degree is awarded after the two-year fellowship. Prior to 1990, many fellows also enrolled in Stanford's now-defunct M.A. program in creative writing.[1][2]

Fellows receive a stipend of $37,500 per year, as well as health insurance and their tuition fee for Stanford.[3] Fellows are required to live close enough to Stanford to be able to attend all workshops, as well as other department-related readings and events.

Stegner founded the Stanford creative writing department and fellowship program in 1946. Initial funding was supplied by Dr. E.H. Jones, brother of the chair of the Stanford English Department, Richard Foster Jones. Initially the fellowship was for three writing fellows per year, many of whom were World War II veterans returning home from overseas. In 1973, then-director John L'Heureux expanded the program to include ten fiction writers and ten poets per year.[4]

Formerly the Center for International Security and Arms Control, co-founded by physicist Sidney Drell and political scientist John Lewis,  CISAC now stands for the Center for International Security and Cooperation. CISAC is a research center at Stanford University that studies a range of international and domestic security and cooperation issues, including nuclear proliferation, counter-terrorism and homeland security, conflict resolution, and governance problems affecting security.  The Center has particular strength on issues involving arms control as well as governance and security, and has a long history of encouraging collaboration between social and natural scientists. CISAC scholars have also made important contributions to the study of ethnic conflict, global governance, organizations, and homeland security.  It is a part of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies.

Among its most distinguished current and former members are William J. Perry, 19th United States Secretary of Defense; George Bunn, first general counsel for the U.S. Arms Control and Disarmament Agency; Michael May, former Director of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (1965-1971); astronaut Sally Ride; Condoleezza Rice, former United States Secretary of State; Mariano-Florentino Cuéllar, a Stanford law professor and Justice of the Supreme Court of California; Siegfried Hecker, Director emeritus of Los Alamos National Laboratory (1985-1997) and winner of the 2009 Enrico Fermi Award; and Whitfield Diffie, an American cryptographer and one of the pioneers of public-key cryptography.



Coordinates: 37°26′N 122°10′W﻿ / ﻿37.43°N 122.17°W﻿ / 37.43; -122.17

The Stanford Graduate School of Education (also known as Stanford GSE, or GSE) is one of the seven schools of Stanford University, and is one of the top education schools in the United States. It was founded in 1891 and offers master's and doctoral programs in more than 25 areas of specialization, along with joint degrees with other programs at Stanford University including business, law, and public policy.[1]

The Graduate School of Education was founded in 1891 as the Department of the History and Art of Education, one of the original twenty-one departments at Stanford University. It awarded its first Ph.D. in 1916, and in 1917 was renamed the Stanford University School of Education (SUSE). The Graduate School of Education building and Cubberley Library were built in 1938, and the Stanford Teacher Education Program (STEP) was established in 1959.

In 2001, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation donated $5 million to establish the School Redesign Network. The GSE established a public charter school, the East Palo Alto Academy, which has been managed by its New Schools initiative since then. In 2008, the faculty decided unanimously to make scholarly articles available as open educational resources, the first such move by a school of education. In 2009, The GSE established an education minor program for Stanford undergraduates. The program prepares students for careers in teaching, crafting educational policy, and managing schools. In 2013, the school name was changed to the Stanford Graduate School of Education to better reflect its advanced research and its graduate-level preparation of educators, scholars, policy makers and entrepreneurs.[2]



The Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (CASBS) is an interdisciplinary research lab at Stanford University that offers a residential postdoctoral fellowship program for scientists and scholars studying "the five core social and behavioral disciplines of anthropology, economics, political science, psychology, and sociology".[1][2]

It is one of the (currently ten) members of Some Institutes for Advanced Study (SIAS). Its campus is 19,600 square feet (1,820 m2) with ample space for hosting groups of researchers. It has 54 studies, meeting rooms, a conference hall, a kitchen, and dining room with a private chef.[3]

The Center was founded in 1954 by the Ford Foundation.[4] The American educator Ralph W. Tyler served as the center's first director from 1954 to 1966.[5] The CASBS buildings were designed by William Wurster, a local architect.[3]



Portola Valley is an incorporated town in San Mateo County, California, United States, which was founded in 1964. It is the wealthiest town in America per the American Community Survey,[5] by the U.S. Census Bureau based on per-capita income for communities larger than 4,000. Home prices are also among the highest in the nation.[5]

Portola Valley was named for Spanish explorer Gaspar de Portolá, who led the first party of Europeans to explore the San Francisco Peninsula in 1769. The town was officially incorporated in 1964.[6]

The Native Americans already present were Ohlone and specifically the group (or groups) known as Olpen or Guemelento but these were later moved to Mission Dolores and Mission Santa Clara de Asís which claimed the land and peoples.[7][8] 
The area's written history dates back to 1833, when  a square league of land was given to Domingo Peralta and Máximo Martínez by Governor José Figueroa to form the Rancho Cañada del Corte de Madera.[9] In those days it was used for lumbering and cattle grazing.  By the 1880s Andrew S. Hallidie, a wire rope manufacturer, had built his country home of Eagle Home Farm in what is now Portola Valley.  He built a 7,341 foot long aerial tramway from his house to the top of Skyline in 1894 though it was removed after his death in 1900.[10][11]

The Stanford Cardinal are the athletic teams that represent Stanford University. As of December 22, 2019, Stanford's program has won 126 NCAA team championships, as well as 25 consecutive NACDA Directors' Cups, awarded annually to the most successful overall college sports program in the nation. As of February 15, 2019, Stanford-affiliated athletes have won 270 Olympic medals.[3] Stanford's teams compete at the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I (Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) for college football) level as a member of the Pac-12 Conference, along with other schools from the western third of the United States.

Following its win over Cal in the first-ever Big Game in 1892, the color cardinal was picked as the primary color of Stanford's athletic teams. White was adopted as a secondary color in the 1940s.

On November 25, 1930, following a unanimous vote by the Executive Committee for the Associated Students, the athletic department adopted the mascot "Indian". A few months after the football team's second straight win in the Rose Bowl in January 1972, the Indian symbol and name were dropped by President Richard Lyman,[4] after objections from Native American students and a vote by the student senate.[1][5]

From 1972 to 1981, the official nickname returned to "Cardinals," a reference to the color, not the bird.[1][6] During the 1970s, a number of suggestions were put forth as possible nicknames: Robber Barons (a sly reference to Leland Stanford's history),[6] Sequoias, Trees, Railroaders, Spikes, Huns and Griffins. The last suggestion gained enough momentum to prompt the university to place two griffin statues near the athletic facilities.[1]



Foothill College is a community college in Los Altos Hills, California.  It is part of the Foothill–De Anza Community College District. It was founded on January 15, 1957 by Founding Superintendent and President Dr. Calvin C. Flint. The college offers 79 Associate degree programs, 1 Bachelor's degree program, and 107 certificate programs.

In July 1956, Palo Alto Unified School District Superintendent Henry M. Gunn called a meeting of local school superintendents that led to the creation of Foothill College.[2]  Calvin Flint, then President of Monterey Peninsula College, was hired as the first District Superintendent and President; he started work on March 1, 1958.[3]

Candidates for the new college's name, besides Foothill, were Peninsula, Junipero Serra, Mid-Peninsula, Earl Warren, Herbert Hoover, North Santa Clara, Altos, Valley, Skyline, Highland, and Intercity.[4]  At first the name was Foothill Junior College, but because Flint insisted that his new college would be "not junior to anyone", the Board dropped the "Junior" in September 1958.[3]



The University of California San Diego (UC San Diego or, colloquially, UCSD[a]) is a public research university in San Diego, California.[10] Established in 1960 near the pre-existing Scripps Institution of Oceanography, UC San Diego is the seventh-oldest of the 10 University of California campuses and offers over 200 undergraduate and graduate degree programs, enrolling approximately 30,800 undergraduate and 8,000 graduate students. The university occupies 2,141 acres (866 ha) near the coast of the Pacific Ocean, with the main campus resting on approximately 1,152 acres (466 ha).[11]

UC San Diego is organized into seven undergraduate residential colleges (Revelle, John Muir, Thurgood Marshall, Earl Warren, Eleanor Roosevelt,  Sixth, and Seventh; Seventh College will enroll its first students in Fall 2020[12]), four academic divisions (Arts and Humanities, Biological Sciences, Physical Sciences, and Social Sciences), and seven graduate and professional schools (Jacobs School of Engineering, Rady School of Management, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, School of Global Policy and Strategy, School of Medicine, Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, and the newly formed Wertheim School of Public Health and Human Longevity Science).[13] UC San Diego Health, the region's only academic health system, provides patient care, conducts medical research and educates future health care professionals at the UC San Diego Medical Center, Hillcrest, Jacobs Medical Center, Moores Cancer Center, Sulpizio Cardiovascular Center, Shiley Eye Institute, Koman Family Outpatient Pavilion and various express care and urgent care clinics throughout San Diego.[14]

The university operates 19 organized research units (ORUs), including the Center for Energy Research, Qualcomm Institute (a branch of the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology),[15] San Diego Supercomputer Center and the Kavli Institute for Brain and Mind, as well as eight School of Medicine research units, six research centers at Scripps Institution of Oceanography and two multi-campus initiatives, including the Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation.[16] UC San Diego is also closely affiliated with several regional research centers, such as the Salk Institute, the Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute, the Sanford Consortium for Regenerative Medicine, and the Scripps Research Institute. According to the National Science Foundation, UC San Diego spent $1.133 billion on research and development in fiscal year 2017, ranking it 7th in the nation.[17]



The University of California, Santa Cruz (UC Santa Cruz or UCSC) is a public research university in Santa Cruz, California.  It is one of 10 campuses in the University of California system. Located 75 miles (120 km) south of San Francisco at the edge of the coastal community of Santa Cruz, the campus lies on 2,001 acres (810 ha) of rolling, forested hills overlooking the Pacific Ocean and Monterey Bay.

Founded in 1965, UC Santa Cruz began with the intention to showcase progressive, cross-disciplinary undergraduate education, innovative teaching methods and contemporary architecture. The residential college system consists of ten small colleges.

Although some of the original founders had already outlined plans for an institution like UCSC as early as the 1930s, the opportunity to realize their vision did not present itself until the City of Santa Cruz made a bid to the University of California Regents in the mid-1950s to build a campus just outside town, in the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains.[7] The Santa Cruz site was selected over a competing proposal to build the campus closer to the population center of San Jose. Santa Cruz was selected for the beauty, rather than the practicality, of its location, however, and its remoteness led to the decision to develop a residential college system that would house most of the students on-campus.[8] The formal design process of the Santa Cruz campus began in the late 1950s, culminating in the Long Range Development Plan of 1963.[9] Construction had started by 1964, and the university was able to accommodate its first students (albeit living in trailers on what is now the East Field athletic area) in 1965. The campus was intended to be a showcase for contemporary architecture, progressive teaching methods, and undergraduate research.[10][11][12] According to founding chancellor Dean McHenry, the purpose of the distributed college system was to combine the benefits of a major research university with the intimacy of a smaller college.[13][14] UC President Clark Kerr shared a passion with former Stanford roommate McHenry to build a university modeled as "several Swarthmores" (i.e., small liberal arts colleges) in close proximity to each other.[13][15] Roads on campus were named after UC Regents who had voted in favor of building the campus.[citation needed]

Knowledge Systems Laboratory (KSL) was an artificial intelligence research laboratory within the Department of Computer Science at Stanford University until 2007, located in the Gates Computer Science Building, Stanford.[1] Work focused on knowledge representation for shareable engineering knowledge bases and systems, computational environments for modelling physical devices, architectures for adaptive intelligent systems, and expert systems for science and engineering. 
KSL had projects with Stanford Medical Informatics (SMI), the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab (SAIL), the Stanford Formal Reasoning Group (SFRG), the Stanford Logic Group, and the Stanford Center for Design Research (CDR).

This is a partial list (in alphabetical order) of past members:





The Stanford Cardinal baseball team represents Stanford University in NCAA Division I college baseball. Along with most other Stanford athletic teams, the baseball team participates in the Pac-12 Conference. The Cardinal play their home games on campus at Klein Field at Sunken Diamond, and they are currently coached by David Esquer.

      National champion  
      Postseason invitational champion  

      Conference regular season champion   
      Conference regular season and conference tournament champion

      Division regular season champion
      Division regular season and conference tournament champion

      Conference tournament champion

Klein Field at Sunken Diamond is one of the premier collegiate baseball stadiums in the country.[citation needed] When the football stadium was originally built in 1921, dirt was excavated from the site of the future baseball stadium, which created a "sunken" field a decade later.

Maples Pavilion is a 7,392-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford, California. Opened 51 years ago in early 1969, Maples underwent a $30 million renovation in March 2004 and reopened ahead of schedule, in time for conference play that December.[2][3][4] It was named after its principal donor, Roscoe Maples.[5] Maples was an Oregon lumber magnate Upon his death in 1963, Maples bequeathed most of his $2 million estate to the university. A member of the class of 1904, he left school before graduating to support his parents, and later went on to success in the lumber business.[5]
Prior to 1969, Stanford played at the Old Pavilion, opened in 1922.

Maples is home to multiple Stanford Cardinal athletics teams, including men's and women's basketball, men's and women's gymnastics and women's volleyball. The raucous student section that roots for the men's basketball team is called the "6th Man" and it is located in several rows along courtside.[6]

Prior to the renovation, the original floor at Maples had a very springy feel to it.[3] Designed by Stanford graduate John Carl Warnecke (1919–2010), it was installed when the Pavilion opened in 1969. Nine inches (23 cm) of crosshatched wood and air was supposed to create a coil-spring effect preventing injuries, but often had the opposite effect.[4][7]  It caused a "Missed Stair Effect," a phenomenon that occurs when the body senses where the floor should be upon landing after a jump.  With the springy feeling of the floor, often the level would be different from when the player jumped, causing a strange sensation throughout the body.

On October 14, 2010, the Dalai Lama advocated a secular approach to compassion to a standing room only crowd.

The Jones Lectureship at Stanford University is a two-year teaching fellowship available to previous Stegner Fellows. The Lectureship is available in fiction and poetry and is intended to provide writers with the time and support needed to complete book-length literary projects.[1] Jones Lecturers typically teach several undergraduate courses per year. The Lectureship is named for Richard Foster Jones, head of the Stanford English Department when Wallace Stegner founded Stanford's Creative Writing Program following the end of Second World War. The original $500,000 endowment for the Lectureship came from Dr. E. H. Jones, a Texas oilman and brother of Richard Foster Jones.[2]

Other appointments available to former Stegner Fellows include the Marsh McCall Lectureship and the Draper Lectureship, each two-year appointments at Stanford University. The Marsh McCall Lecturer oversees the staffing and teaching of creative writing courses at Stanford Continuing Studies. It is named for Classics Professor Marsh McCall, former dean of Continuing Studies.[3] Former Marsh McCall Lecturers include Julie Orringer, Stephen Elliott, Eric Puchner, Adam Johnson and Angela Pneuman. The Draper Lecturer primarily teaches undergraduate courses in creative non-fiction. It is named for Phyllis Draper and William Henry Draper III.



Stanford University, officially Leland Stanford Junior University,[12] is a private research university in Stanford, California. The university was founded in 1885 by Leland and Jane Stanford in memory of their only child, Leland Stanford Jr., who had died of typhoid fever at age 15 the previous year. Stanford was a U.S. Senator and former Governor of California who made his fortune as a railroad tycoon. The school admitted its first students on October 1, 1891,[2][3] as a coeducational and non-denominational institution.

Stanford University struggled financially after the death of Leland Stanford in 1893 and again after much of the campus was damaged by the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.[13] Following World War II, Provost Frederick Terman supported faculty and graduates' entrepreneurialism to build self-sufficient local industry in what would later be known as Silicon Valley.[14] The university is also one of the top fundraising institutions in the country, becoming the first school to raise more than a billion dollars in a year.[15]

The university is organized around seven schools: three schools consisting of 40 academic departments at the undergraduate level as well as four professional schools that focus on graduate programs in law, medicine, education, and business. All schools are on the same campus. Students compete in 36 varsity sports, and the university is one of two private institutions in the Division I FBS Pac-12 Conference. It has gained 126 NCAA team championships,[16] and Stanford has won the NACDA Directors' Cup for 24 consecutive years, beginning in 1994–1995.[17] In addition, Stanford students and alumni have won 270 Olympic medals including 139 gold medals.[18]





Google LLC is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products, which include online advertising technologies, a search engine, cloud computing, software, and hardware. It is considered one of the Big Four technology companies alongside Amazon, Apple, and Microsoft.[10][11][12]

Google was founded in September 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University in California. Together they own about 14 percent of its shares and control 56 percent of the stockholder voting power through supervoting stock. They incorporated Google as a California privately held company on September 4, 1998, in California. Google was then reincorporated in Delaware on October 22, 2002.[13] An initial public offering (IPO) took place on August 19, 2004, and Google moved to its headquarters in Mountain View, California, nicknamed the  Googleplex. In August 2015, Google announced plans to reorganize its various interests as a conglomerate called Alphabet Inc. Google is Alphabet's leading subsidiary and will continue to be the umbrella company for Alphabet's Internet interests. Sundar Pichai was appointed CEO of Google, replacing Larry Page who became the CEO of Alphabet.





Gmail is a free email service developed by Google. Users can access Gmail on the web and using third-party programs that synchronize email content through POP or IMAP protocols. Gmail started as a limited beta release on April 1, 2004 and ended its testing phase on July 7, 2009.

At launch, Gmail had an initial storage capacity offer of one gigabyte per user, a significantly higher amount than competitors offered at the time. Today, the service comes with 15 gigabytes of storage. Users can receive emails up to 50 megabytes in size, including attachments, while they can send emails up to 25 megabytes. In order to send larger files, users can insert files from Google Drive into the message. Gmail has a search-oriented interface and a "conversation view" similar to an Internet forum. The service is notable among website developers for its early adoption of Ajax.





Google Search, also referred to as Google Web Search or simply Google, is a web search engine developed by Google. It is the most used search engine on the World Wide Web across all platforms, with 92.62% market share as of June 2019,[4] handling more than 5.4 billion searches each day.[5]

The order of search results returned by Google is based, in part, on a priority rank system called "PageRank". Google Search also provides many different options for customized search, using symbols to include, exclude, specify or require certain search behavior, and offers specialized interactive experiences, such as flight status and package tracking, weather forecasts, currency, unit and time conversions, word definitions, and more.

AdMob is a mobile advertising company founded by Omar Hamoui.  The name AdMob is a portmanteau for "advertising on mobile". It was incorporated on April 10, 2006[1][2] while Hamoui was in business school at Wharton.[3] The company is based in Mountain View, California. In November 2009, it was acquired by Google[4] for $750 million.[5] The acquisition was completed on May 27, 2010.[6][7] Apple Inc. had also expressed interest in purchasing the company the same year, but they were out-bid by Google.[8] Prior to being acquired by Google, AdMob acquired the company AdWhirl, formerly Adrollo, which is a platform for developing advertisements in iPhone applications. AdMob offers advertising solutions for many mobile platforms, including Android, iOS, webOS, Flash Lite, Windows Phone and all standard mobile web browsers.[9]

AdMob is one of the world's largest mobile advertising platforms and claims to serve more than 40 billion mobile banner and text ads per month across mobile Web sites and handset applications.[citation needed][when?]

On May 16, 2013, Google announced a rebuild of the AdMob platform at their 2013 I/O using technology from their other platforms like AdSense with the goal of helping app developers to build their business.[10]

In 2009, AdMob was listed among The Top Ten mobiThinkers 2009.[11]





Yahoo! (/ˈjɑːhuː/)[7][8] is an American web services provider headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and owned by Verizon Media.[9][10] The original Yahoo! company was founded by Jerry Yang and David Filo in January 1994 and was incorporated on March 2, 1995.[11][12] Yahoo was one of the pioneers of the early Internet era in the 1990s.[13]

It provides or provided a Web portal, search engine Yahoo! Search, and related services, including Yahoo! Directory, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! Groups, Yahoo! Answers, advertising, online mapping, video sharing, fantasy sports, and its social media website. At its height it was one of the most popular sites in the United States.[14] According to third-party web analytics providers Alexa and SimilarWeb, Yahoo was the most widely read news and media website – with over 7 billion views per month – ranking as the sixth-most-visited website globally in 2016.[6][15][16]





Google LLC is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products, which include online advertising technologies, a search engine, cloud computing, software, and hardware. It is considered one of the Big Four technology companies alongside Amazon, Apple, and Microsoft.[10][11][12]

Google was founded in September 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University in California. Together they own about 14 percent of its shares and control 56 percent of the stockholder voting power through supervoting stock. They incorporated Google as a California privately held company on September 4, 1998, in California. Google was then reincorporated in Delaware on October 22, 2002.[13] An initial public offering (IPO) took place on August 19, 2004, and Google moved to its headquarters in Mountain View, California, nicknamed the  Googleplex. In August 2015, Google announced plans to reorganize its various interests as a conglomerate called Alphabet Inc. Google is Alphabet's leading subsidiary and will continue to be the umbrella company for Alphabet's Internet interests. Sundar Pichai was appointed CEO of Google, replacing Larry Page who became the CEO of Alphabet.

Google Labs was an incubator created by Google to test and publicly demonstrate new projects.

Google described Google Labs as "a playground where our more adventurous users can play around with prototypes of some of our wild and crazy ideas and offer feedback directly to the engineers who developed them."[1]

Google also used an invitation-only model for users to test Labs products including Gmail, Google Calendar and Google Wave, and many of these also have their own "Labs" experimental features and previews. Labs was later removed from Google Calendar. 

In 2006, all Google Labs products were presented with a consistent icon, a flask, and a gray title, as opposed to other color-coded Google products, such as Google News and Google Maps.

Google I/O (or simply I/O) is an annual developer conference held by Google in Mountain View, California. "I/O" stands for input/output, as well as the slogan "Innovation in the Open".[1] The event's format is similar to Google Developer Day.

Major topics included:

Speakers included Marissa Mayer, David Glazer, Alex Martelli, Steve Souders, Dion Almaer, Mark Lucovsky, Guido van Rossum, Jeff Dean, Chris DiBona, Josh Bloch, Raffaello D'Andrea, Geoff Stearns[7]

Major topics included:

Google Buzz was a social networking, microblogging and messaging tool that was developed by Google which replaced Google Wave and integrated into their web-based email program, Gmail.[1][2] Users could share links, photos, videos, status messages and comments organized in "conversations" and visible in the user's inbox.[3]

On October 14, 2011, Google announced that it would discontinue the service and that the existing content would be available in read-only mode. Buzz was discontinued on December 15, 2011, and superseded by Google+ (which was later discontinued on April 2, 2019).[4][5]

Buzz enabled users to choose to share publicly with the world or privately to a group of friends each time they posted.[6] Picasa, Flickr, Google Latitude, Google Reader, Google Sidewiki, YouTube, Blogger, FriendFeed, identi.ca and Twitter were integrated. The creation of Buzz was seen by industry analysts as an attempt by Google to compete with social networking websites like Facebook and microblogging services like Twitter.[1] Buzz also included several user interface elements from other Google products (e.g., Google Reader), such as the ability to "like" a post.

Google executive Sergey Brin said that by offering social communications, Buzz would help bridge the gap between work and leisure,[7] but the service was strongly criticized when it was introduced for insufficient attention to users' privacy.[8]

A web search engine or Internet search engine is a software system that is designed to carry out web search (Internet search), which means to search the World Wide Web in a systematic way for particular information specified in a textual web search query. The search results are generally presented in a line of results, often referred to as search engine results pages (SERPs). The information may be a mix of links to web pages, images, videos, infographics, articles, research papers, and other types of files. Some search engines also mine data available in databases or open directories.  Unlike web directories, which are maintained only by human editors, search engines also maintain real-time information by running an algorithm on a web crawler.
Internet content that is not capable of being searched by a web search engine is generally described as the deep web.

Internet search engines themselves predate the debut of the Web in December 1990. The Who is user search dates back to 1982[1] and the Knowbot Information Service multi-network user search was first implemented in 1989.[2] The first well documented search engine that searched content files, namely FTP files, was Archie, which debuted on 10 September 1990.[3]

Prior to September 1993, the World Wide Web was entirely indexed by hand. There was a list of webservers edited by Tim Berners-Lee and hosted on the CERN webserver. One snapshot of the list in 1992 remains,[4] but as more and more web servers went online the central list could no longer keep up. On the NCSA  site, new servers were announced under the title "What's New!"[5]

The first tool used for searching content (as opposed to users) on the Internet was Archie.[6] The name stands for "archive" without the "v". It was created by Alan Emtage, Bill Heelan and J. Peter Deutsch, computer science students at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The program downloaded the directory listings of all the files located on public anonymous FTP (File Transfer Protocol) sites, creating a searchable database of file names; however, Archie Search Engine did not index the contents of these sites since the amount of data was so limited it could be readily searched manually.



Google Drive is a file storage and synchronization service developed by Google. Launched on April 24, 2012, Google Drive allows users to store files on their servers, synchronize files across devices, and share files. In addition to a website, Google Drive offers apps with offline capabilities for Windows and macOS computers, and Android and iOS smartphones and tablets. Google Drive encompasses Google Docs, Google Sheets, and Google Slides, which are a part of an office suite that permits collaborative editing of documents, spreadsheets, presentations, drawings, forms, and more. Files created and edited through the office suite are saved in Google Drive.

Google Drive offers users 15 gigabytes of free storage through Google One. Google One also offers 100 gigabytes, 200 gigabytes, 2 terabytes, 10 terabytes, 20 terabytes, and 30 terabytes offered through optional paid plans. Files uploaded can be up to 5 terabytes in size. Users can change privacy settings for individual files and folders, including enabling sharing with other users or making content public. On the website, users can search for an image by describing its visuals, and use natural language to find specific files, such as "find my budget spreadsheet from last December".

The website and Android app offer a Backups section to see what Android devices have data backed up to the service, and a completely overhauled computer app released in July 2017 allows for backing up specific folders on the user's computer. A Quick Access feature can intelligently predict the files users need.



Alphabet Inc. is an American multinational conglomerate headquartered in Mountain View, California. It was created through a restructuring of Google on October 2, 2015,[2] and became the parent company of Google and several former Google subsidiaries.[3][4][5] The two founders of Google assumed executive roles in the new company, with Larry Page serving as CEO and Sergey Brin as president.[6] Alphabet is the world's fourth-largest technology company by revenue and one of the world's most valuable companies.[7][8]

The establishment of Alphabet inc. was prompted by a desire to make the core Google business "cleaner and more accountable" while allowing greater autonomy to group companies that operate in businesses other than Internet services.[4][9] Page and Brin announced their resignation from their executive posts in December 2019, with the CEO role to be filled by Sundar Pichai, also the CEO of Google. Page and Brin remain co-founders, employees, board members, and controlling shareholders of Alphabet Inc.[10]

On August 10, 2015, Google Inc. announced plans to create a new public holding company, Alphabet Inc. Google CEO Larry Page made this announcement in a blog post on Google's official blog.[11] Alphabet would be created to restructure Google by moving subsidiaries from Google to Alphabet, narrowing Google's scope. The company would consist of Google as well as other businesses including X Development, Calico, Nest, Verily, Fiber, Makani, CapitalG, and GV.[6][12][13] Sundar Pichai, Product Chief, became the new CEO of Google, replacing Larry Page, who transitioned to the role of running Alphabet, along with Google co-founder Sergey Brin.[14][15]



Bing is a web search engine owned and operated by Microsoft. The service has its origins in Microsoft's previous search engines: MSN Search, Windows Live Search and later Live Search. Bing provides a variety of search services, including web, video, image and map search products. It is developed using ASP.NET.

Bing, Microsoft's replacement for Live Search, was unveiled by Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer on May 28, 2009, at the All Things Digital conference in San Diego, California, for release on June 3, 2009.[3] Notable new features at the time included the listing of search suggestions while queries are entered and a list of related searches (called "Explore pane") based on semantic technology from Powerset,[4] which Microsoft had acquired in 2008.[5]

In July 2009, Microsoft and Yahoo! announced a deal in which Bing would power Yahoo! Search.[6] All Yahoo! Search global customers and partners made the transition by early 2012.[7] The deal was altered in 2015, meaning Yahoo! was only required to use Bing for a "majority" of searches.[8]

Google Search, offered by Google, is the most widely used search engine on the World Wide Web as of 2014, with over three billion searches a day. This page covers key events in the history of Google's search service.

For a history of Google the company, including all of Google's products, acquisitions, and corporate changes, see the history of Google page.

[161]

(announced September 23)



The following is a list of products and services provided by Google.

May 31, 2012

Google Product Search:

Original file ‎(SVG file, nominally 272 × 92 pixels, file size: 2 KB)



Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.

More than 100 pages use this file.
The following list shows the first 100 pages that use this file only.
A full list is available.



Google AdSense is a program run by Google through which website publishers in the Google Network of content sites serve text, images, video, or interactive media advertisements that are targeted to the site content and audience. These advertisements are administered, sorted, and maintained by Google. They can generate revenue on either a per-click or per-impression basis. Google beta-tested a cost-per-action service, but discontinued it in October 2008 in favor of a DoubleClick offering (also owned by Google).[2] In Q1 2014, Google earned US$3.4 billion ($13.6 billion annualized), or 22% of total revenue, through Google AdSense.[3] AdSense is a participant in the AdChoices program, so AdSense ads typically include the triangle-shaped AdChoices icon.[4][5] This program also operates on HTTP cookies. Over 11.1 million websites use AdSense.[6]

Google uses its technology to serve advertisements based on website content, the user's geographical location, and other factors. Those wanting to advertise with Google's targeted advertisement system may enroll through Google Ads. AdSense has become one of the most popular programs specializing in creating and placing banner and responsive ads on website and blogs. Responsive ads [7]adjust themselves based upon user's device size. These advertisements are less intrusive and the content of the advertisements is often relevant to the website. Many websites use AdSense to make revenue from their web content (website, online videos, online audio content, etc.), and it is the most popular advertising network.[8] AdSense has proved particularly useful for generating advertising revenue for small websites that do not have sufficient resources or other major sources of revenue. To display contextually relevant advertisements on a website, webmasters place a brief Javascript code on the website's pages. Websites that are content-rich have been very successful with this advertising program, as noted in a number of publisher case studies on the AdSense website. Google has removed the policy of limiting AdSense ads to three ads per page. Now, Adsense publishers can place several AdSense ads on a page given there is sufficient content on a webpage. According to Google guidelines on ensuring proper ad placement[9], advertising and promotional material should not exceed page content.

Some webmasters put significant effort into maximizing their AdSense income. They do this mainly by following [10]best practices:



Google+ (pronounced and sometimes written as Google Plus; sometimes called G+) was a social network owned and operated by Google. The network was launched on June 28, 2011, in an attempt to challenge other social networks, linking other Google products like Google Drive, Blogger and YouTube. The service, Google's fourth foray into social networking, experienced strong growth in its initial years, although usage statistics varied, depending on how the service was defined. Three Google executives oversaw the service, which underwent substantial changes that led to a redesign in November 2015.

Due to low user engagement and disclosed software design flaws that potentially allowed outside developers access to personal information of its users,[4] the Google+ developer API was discontinued on March 7, 2019, and Google+ was shut down for business and personal use on April 2, 2019.[5] Google+ continued to be available as "Google+ for G Suite", later rebranded as "Google Currents".[6]

Google+ was the company's fourth foray into social networking, following Google Buzz (introduced 2010, retired in 2011), Google Friend Connect (introduced 2008, retired by March 2012), and Orkut (introduced in 2004, as of 2013[update] operated entirely by subsidiary Google Brazil – retired in September 2014[7]).




Coordinates: 37°20′06″N 122°00′32″W﻿ / ﻿37.3349°N 122.0090°W﻿ / 37.3349; -122.0090

Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services. It is considered one of the Big Four technology companies, alongside Amazon, Google, and Facebook.[6][7][8]

The company's hardware products include the iPhone smartphone, the iPad tablet computer, the Mac personal computer, the iPod portable media player, the Apple Watch smartwatch, the Apple TV digital media player, the AirPods wireless earbuds and the HomePod smart speaker. Apple's software includes macOS, iOS, iPadOS, watchOS, and tvOS operating systems, the iTunes media player, the Safari web browser, the Shazam music identifier, and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites, as well as professional applications like Final Cut Pro, Logic Pro, and Xcode. Its online services include the iTunes Store, the iOS App Store, Mac App Store, Apple Music, Apple TV+, iMessage, and iCloud. Other services include Apple Store, Genius Bar, AppleCare, Apple Pay, Apple Pay Cash, and Apple Card.



Vivek Paul "Vic" Gundotra (born 14 June 1969 in India) is an American businessman who served as the Senior Vice President, Social for Google until 24 April 2014.[1][2][3] Prior to joining Google, he was a general manager at Microsoft.[4]

Gundotra joined Microsoft in 1991 and eventually became General Manager of Platform Evangelism. His duties included promoting Microsoft's APIs and platforms to independent developers and helping to develop a strategy for Windows Live online services to compete with Google's web-based software applications.[5]

Gundotra joined Google in June 2007, after taking a one-year delay due to a Microsoft employee non-compete agreement.



AltaVista was a Web search engine established in 1995. It became one of the most-used early search engines, but lost ground to Google and was purchased by Yahoo! in 2003, which retained the brand, but based all AltaVista searches on its own search engine. On July 8, 2013, the service was shut down by Yahoo! and since then the domain has redirected to Yahoo!'s own search site.[2]

The word "AltaVista" is formed from the words for "high view" or "upper view" in Spanish (alta + vista) thus translates colloquially to "overview".[3][4]

AltaVista was created by researchers at Digital Equipment Corporation's Network Systems Laboratory and Western Research Laboratory who were trying to provide services to make finding files on the public network easier.[5] Paul Flaherty came up with the original idea,[6][7] along with Louis Monier and Michael Burrows, who wrote the Web crawler and indexer, respectively. The name "AltaVista" was chosen in relation to the surroundings of their company at Palo Alto, California. AltaVista publicly launched as an Internet search engine on December 15, 1995, at altavista.digital.com.[8][9]





Google LLC is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products, which include online advertising technologies, a search engine, cloud computing, software, and hardware. It is considered one of the Big Four technology companies alongside Amazon, Apple, and Microsoft.[10][11][12]

Google was founded in September 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University in California. Together they own about 14 percent of its shares and control 56 percent of the stockholder voting power through supervoting stock. They incorporated Google as a California privately held company on September 4, 1998, in California. Google was then reincorporated in Delaware on October 22, 2002.[13] An initial public offering (IPO) took place on August 19, 2004, and Google moved to its headquarters in Mountain View, California, nicknamed the  Googleplex. In August 2015, Google announced plans to reorganize its various interests as a conglomerate called Alphabet Inc. Google is Alphabet's leading subsidiary and will continue to be the umbrella company for Alphabet's Internet interests. Sundar Pichai was appointed CEO of Google, replacing Larry Page who became the CEO of Alphabet.





The Colosseum or Coliseum (/ˌkɒləˈsiːəm/ KOL-ə-SEE-əm), also known as the Flavian Amphitheatre (Latin: Amphitheatrum Flavium; Italian: Anfiteatro Flavio [aɱfiteˈaːtro ˈflaːvjo] or Colosseo [kolosˈsɛːo]), is an oval amphitheatre in the centre of the city of Rome, Italy. Built of travertine limestone, tuff (volcanic rock), and brick-faced concrete,[1] it was the largest amphitheatre ever built at the time and held 50,000 to 80,000 spectators. The Colosseum is situated just east of the Roman Forum. Construction began under the emperor Vespasian in AD 72[2] and was completed in AD 80 under his successor and heir, Titus.[3] Further modifications were made during the reign of Domitian (81–96).[4] These three emperors are known as the Flavian dynasty, and the amphitheatre was named in Latin for its association with their family name (Flavius).

The Colosseum could hold an estimated 50,000 to 80,000 spectators at various points of its history over the centuries,[5][6] having an average audience of some 65,000;[7][8] it was used for gladiatorial contests and public spectacles such as mock sea battles (for only a short time as the hypogeum was soon filled in with mechanisms to support the other activities), animal hunts, executions, re-enactments of famous battles, and dramas based on Classical mythology. The building ceased to be used for entertainment in the early medieval era. It was later reused for such purposes as housing, workshops, quarters for a religious order, a fortress, a quarry, and a Christian shrine.[citation needed]

Original file ‎(4,827 × 2,833 pixels, file size: 3.77 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

Retouched version

Derivative work



The Circus Maximus (Latin for greatest or largest circus; Italian: Circo Massimo) is an ancient Roman chariot-racing stadium and mass entertainment venue located in Rome, Italy. Situated in the valley between the Aventine and Palatine hills, it was the first and largest stadium in ancient Rome and its later Empire. It measured 621 m (2,037 ft) in length and 118 m (387 ft) in width and could accommodate over 150,000 spectators.[1] In its fully developed form, it became the model for circuses throughout the Roman Empire. The site is now a public park.

The Circus was Rome's largest venue for ludi, public games connected to Roman religious festivals. Ludi were sponsored by leading Romans or the Roman state for the benefit of the Roman people (populus Romanus) and gods. Most were held annually or at annual intervals on the Roman calendar. Others might be given to fulfill a religious vow, such as the games in celebration of a triumph. In Roman tradition, the earliest triumphal ludi at the Circus were vowed by Tarquin the Proud to Jupiter in the late Regal era for his victory over Pometia.[2]

Ludi ranged in duration and scope from one-day or even half-day events to spectacular multi-venue celebrations held over several days, with religious ceremonies and public feasts, horse and chariot racing, athletics, plays and recitals, beast-hunts and gladiator fights. Some included public executions. The greater ludi ([3]meaning sport or game in latin) at the Circus began with a flamboyant parade (pompa circensis), much like the triumphal procession, which marked the purpose of the games and introduced the participants.[4]

During Rome's Republican era, the aediles organized the games. The most costly and complex of the ludi offered opportunities to assess an aedile's competence, generosity, and fitness for higher office.[5] Some Circus events, however, seem to have been relatively small and intimate affairs. In 167 BC, "flute players, scenic artists and dancers" performed on a temporary stage, probably erected between the two central seating banks. Others were enlarged at enormous expense to fit the entire space. A venatio held there in 169 BC, one of several in the 2nd century, employed "63 leopards and 40 bears and elephants", with spectators presumably kept safe by a substantial barrier.[6]

The Saepta Julia was a building in the Campus Martius of Rome, where citizens gathered to cast votes. The building was conceived by Julius Caesar and dedicated by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa in 26 BCE. The building replaced an older structure, called the Ovile, built as a place for the comitia tributa to gather to cast votes.[1] The Saepta Julia can be seen on the Forma Urbis Romae, a map of the city of Rome as it existed in the early 3rd century CE. Part of the original wall of the Saepta Julia can still be seen right next to the Pantheon.

The conception of the Saepta Julia, which also goes by Saepta or Porticus Saeptorum, began during the reign of Julius Caesar. It took the form of a quadriporticus, an architectural feature made popular by Caesar.[1]

After Caesar's assassination in 44 BCE, work continued on projects that Caesar had set into motion.[2] Marcus Aemilius Lepidus, who had supported Caesar before his death, and subsequently aligned with his successor Octavian, took on the continuation of the Saepta Julia building project. The building was finally completed and dedicated by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa in 26 BCE. Agrippa also decorated the building with marble tablets and Greek paintings.[3]

The Great Fire of Rome led to its destruction in 80 CE, and was rebuilt sometime before the reign of Domitian.[4] Restoration also took place under Hadrian, as is evidenced by brick-work and literary sources.[5] The building is also attested on a post-Constantine bronze collar of a slave, but there is no known mention of the building in the Middle Ages.[6]

The Campus Martius (Latin for the "Field of Mars", Italian Campo Marzio) was a publicly owned area of ancient Rome about 2 square kilometres (490 acres) in extent. In the Middle Ages, it was the most populous area of Rome. The IV rione of Rome, Campo Marzio, which covers a smaller section of the original area, bears the same name.

According to Rome's foundation myth, prior to the founding of the city, Rhea Silvia had her twin sons, Romulus and Remus, taken by the King of Alba Longa. The boys were later discarded in the swelling Tiber River, which would later run along the Campus’ western boundary. Washing ashore further downriver, the brothers would return decades later to found a new city. Romulus, who became Rome's sole king (after killing his brother Remus), ruled for many years until sometime in the seventh century B.C. As he came to the end of his life, a storm cloud descended upon the center of the open field outside the city's pomerium in order to lift the elderly king to heaven.[1]

This land, “between the city and the Tiber,” became the property of Rome's last Etruscan king Tarquinius Superbus. After his defeat and exile, the plain was dedicated to the god Mars.[2]  Roman men assembled every spring before heading off to fight the hostile tribes that surrounded Rome, and citizens gathered for important religious festivals. With the exception of a small altar to Mars near the center of the field, no visible changes were made to the field until the fifth century B.C.[1]

In 435 B.C. the Villa Publica was established in a prepared 300m clearing.  The area was a gathering space for citizens to congregate every five years, to be counted in a census but had no permanent structures; no additions would be made for another two centuries.[3]

Coordinates: 41°53′56″N 12°28′23″E﻿ / ﻿41.89889°N 12.47306°E﻿ / 41.89889; 12.47306

The Stadium of Domitian (Italian: Stadio di Domiziano), also known as the Circus Agonalis, was located to the north of the Campus Martius in Rome, Italy. The Stadium was commissioned around AD 80 by the Emperor Titus Flavius Domitianus as a gift to the people of Rome, and was used mostly for athletic contests.

The Stadium of Domitian was dedicated in AD 86, as part of an Imperial building programme at the Field of Mars, following the damage or destruction of most of its buildings by fire in AD 79. It was Rome's first permanent venue for competitive athletics. It was patterned after the Greek model and seated approximately 15,000 - 20,000 – a smaller, more appropriate venue for foot-races than the Circus Maximus.[1][2] The substructures and support frames were made of brick and concrete – a robust, fire-retardant and relatively cheap material – clad in marble. Stylistically, the Stadium facades would have resembled those of the Colosseum; its floor plan followed the same elongated, U-shape as the Circus Maximus, though on a much smaller scale. Various modern estimates judge the arena length at approximately 200 – 250 metres, the height of its outer perimeter benches at 30 m (100 ft) above ground level and its inner perimeter benches at 4.5 m (15 ft) above the arena floor.[3] This arrangement offered a clear view from most seats. The typically Greek layout gave the Stadium its Latinised Greek name, in agones (the place or site of the competitions). The flattened end was sealed by two vertically staggered entrance galleries and the perimeter was arcaded beneath the seating levels, with travertine pilasters between its cavea (enclosures). The formation of a continuous arena trackway by a raised "spina" or strip has been conjectured.[4]

The Stadium of Domitian was the northernmost of an impressive series of public buildings on the Campus Martius. To its south stood the smaller and more intimate Odeon of Domitian, used for recitals, song and orations. The southernmost end of the Campus was dominated by the Theater of Pompey, restored by Domitian during the same rebuilding program.[5]

The Roman circus (from the Latin word that means "circle") was a large open-air venue used for public events in the ancient Roman Empire. The circuses were similar to the ancient Greek hippodromes, although circuses served varying purposes and differed in design and construction. Along with theatres and amphitheatres, circuses were one of the main entertainment sites of the time. Circuses were venues for chariot races, horse races, gladiatorial combat, and performances that commemorated important events of the empire were performed there.

According to Edward Gibbon, in Chapter XXXI of his work The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, the Roman people, at the start of the 5th century:

...still considered the Circus as their home, their temple, and the seat of the republic.[1][2][3]
The performance space of the Roman circus was normally, despite its name, an oblong rectangle of two linear sections of race track, separated by a median strip running along the length of about two thirds the track, joined at one end with a semicircular section and at the other end with an undivided section of track closed (in most cases) by a distinctive starting gate known as the carceres, thereby creating a circuit for the races. The Circus of Maxentius epitomises the design.

The Roman circus (from the Latin word that means "circle") was a large open-air venue used for public events in the ancient Roman Empire. The circuses were similar to the ancient Greek hippodromes, although circuses served varying purposes and differed in design and construction. Along with theatres and amphitheatres, circuses were one of the main entertainment sites of the time. Circuses were venues for chariot races, horse races, gladiatorial combat, and performances that commemorated important events of the empire were performed there.

According to Edward Gibbon, in Chapter XXXI of his work The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, the Roman people, at the start of the 5th century:

...still considered the Circus as their home, their temple, and the seat of the republic.[1][2][3]
The performance space of the Roman circus was normally, despite its name, an oblong rectangle of two linear sections of race track, separated by a median strip running along the length of about two thirds the track, joined at one end with a semicircular section and at the other end with an undivided section of track closed (in most cases) by a distinctive starting gate known as the carceres, thereby creating a circuit for the races. The Circus of Maxentius epitomises the design.

Theatre of Balbus was an ancient Roman structure in the Campus Martius of Rome. It was built in 13 BC by proconsul Lucius Cornelius Balbus (minor), likely from the spoils of a military campaign by order of Augustus (Cassius Dio 54.18.2; Pliny the Elder, Natural History (Pliny) 36.59-60).

Very little is mentioned of the theatre in ancient writings. Its location was debated for decades until pieces of the Forma Urbis were finally pieced together in the 1960s. Excavations of the theatre began in 1981 and are still ongoing, however, the main portion of the crypta finished in 2000. Today what has been excavated can be seen at the Museo Nazionale Romano Crypta Balbi (National Museum of Rome), which is located at Via delle Botteghe Oscure, 31, (corner of Via M. Caetani). 

The museum is located in what was the crypta or courtyard in the rear of the theater's complex behind the stage. This courtyard was the smallest of all of Rome's major theatres. Here patrons would stroll between acts of a performance and seek refreshment.

Coordinates: 41°53′39″N 12°28′41″E﻿ / ﻿41.89417°N 12.47806°E﻿ / 41.89417; 12.47806

The Pons Neronianus or Bridge of Nero was an ancient bridge in Rome built during the reign of the emperors Caligula or Nero[1] to connect the western part of the Campus Martius with the Campus Vaticanus ("Vatican Fields"), where the Imperial Family owned land along the Via Cornelia. 

There is no direct evidence that Nero actually built the bridge named after him.[2] It may well have been named the 'Bridge of Nero' because the area on the right bank of the Tiber beyond the bridgehead was still named the "Plain(s) of Nero" well into the Medieval period, so that the inhabitants of Rome at that time, not knowing the origins of the ruined bridge, named it after the region rather than after Nero himself.[3] Whatever its origins, the bridge gave Nero easier access to the Gardens of Agrippina, his mother Agrippina the Younger's riverside gardens and portico which were located on the right bank just downstream from the bridge.[4]

The Emperor Caligula built a circus on the right bank of the Tiber. The historian Tacitus says it was in this circus, renamed the Circus of Nero, that the Emperor Nero executed the Christians who were accused of causing the Great Fire of Rome of 64 AD, in order to entertain the people of Rome after that fire. It is believed that Nero replaced the timber bridge of the Via Triumphalis with the stone bridge named after him, the Pons Neronianus  or 'Triumphalis' because the Via Triumphalis, the Triumphal Way, passed over it. The people of Rome most likely crossed the Pons Neronianus to get to the Circus of Nero.

Starting with Titus, the victorious Emperors celebrating their Triumphs entered Rome marching across the Pons Neronianus along the Via Triumphalis. It is probable that the capacity of the Pons Neronianus could not cope with the day to day traffic in Rome because within a century of its completion the Emperor Hadrian built the Pons Aelius less than two hundred metres upstream. Nero's bridge was also called Pons Vaticanus (meaning "Vatican Bridge" in Latin), because it connected the Ager Vaticanus to the left bank. The bridge may well have been in ruins in the fourth century. Certainly, by the Middle Ages the bridge was called Pons ruptus ("Broken Bridge"), because it was broken. In the fifteenth century Pope Julius II planned to restore it.[5]

Verus was a well-known gladiator during the reigns of the Emperors Vespasian and Titus in the later part of the 1st century. His combat with Priscus was the highlight of the opening day of the games conducted by Titus to inaugurate the Flavian Amphitheatre (later the Colosseum) in AD 80, and
recorded in a laudatory poem by Martial — the only detailed description of a gladiatorial fight that has survived to the present day. Both gladiators were declared victors of the combat, and were awarded their freedom by the Emperor in a unique outcome. 

Martial, Liber de Spectaculis, XXIX:

Campitelli is the 10th rione of Rome, identified by the initials R. X, and is located in the Municipio I.

Its emblem consists of a black dragon's head on a white background. This symbol comes from the legend that Pope Silvester I threw out a dragon staying in the Forum Romanum.

Some of the major vestiges of the Ancient Rome are located in the area, such as the Palatine Hill, the Campidoglio and the Roman Forum.

When in the Middle Ages the new administrative subdivision of the city was adopted, Campitelli was the 12th and last rione. It was called Campitelli in Sancti Adriani, after the deconsecrated church of Sant'Adriano al Foro. Since the 12th century, the Palazzo Senatorio became the seat of the Senatore di Roma (Senator of Rome), the principal civic authority of the city in the Middle Ages. The Palazzo Senatorio and the basilica of Santa Maria in Ara Coeli are the only remaining features of the medieval construction industry in the rione.

Priscus (fl. late 1st century AD) was a Roman gladiator of Celtic origins. His combat with Verus was the highlighted entertainment of the opening day games sponsored by Titus to inaugurate the Flavian Amphitheatre in AD 80. It was recorded in a laudatory poem by Martial — Liber Spectaculorum is the only known detailed description to survive of a gladiatorial fight. This laudatory poem was written to honor and to highlight all the events of Titus's games.  Their fight marked the beginning of the celebration and concluded in a rare result. Both gladiators were declared victors of the match, and were unexpectedly awarded their freedom by the Emperor.

Martial, liber de spectaculis 29:

"As Priscus and Verus each drew out the contest
and the struggle between the pair long stood equal,
shouts loud and often sought discharge for the combatants.
But Titus obeyed his own law
(the law was that the bout go on without shield until a finger be raised).
What he could do, he did, often giving dishes and presents.
But an end to the even strife was found:
equal they fought, equal they yielded.
To both Titus sent wooden swords and to both palms.
Thus valor and skill had their reward.
This has happened under no prince but you, Titus:
two fought and both won."[1]

The Priscus and Verus' fight occurred on the first day of the games that celebrated the opening of the Colosseum. These games consisted mainly of gladiatorial fights, animal spectacles and staged sea battles.[2]  These games helped placate the Roman masses, and increased Titus' popularity to the end of his reign in 81 AD. Beginning during the time of Julius Caesar, colosseum  entertainment tactically satisfied the Roman mobs' pent-up frustrations with their cheering of the entertainment.[3]

The Baths of Caracalla (Italian: Terme di Caracalla) in Rome, Italy, were the city's second largest Roman public baths, or thermae, likely built between AD 212 (or 211) and 216/217, during the reigns of emperors Septimius Severus and Caracalla.[2] They were in operation until the 530s and then fell into disuse and ruin.

However, they have served as an inspiration for many other notable buildings, including the Baths of Diocletian, Basilica of Maxentius, the original Pennsylvania Station (New York) and Chicago Union Station. Art works recovered from the ruins include famous sculptures such as the Farnese Bull and the Farnese Hercules.

Today the Baths of Caracalla are a tourist attraction.

Construction of the baths was probably initiated by emperor Septimius Severus and completed during the reign of his son, Caracalla. They were inaugurated in AD 216. The baths were located in the southern area of the city, Regio XII, where members of the Severan family commissioned other construction works: the via nova leading to the baths and the Septizodium on nearby Palatine Hill.[3]:7 The site chosen for the baths formerly belonged to a vast garden estate known as the horti Asiniani, developed by Gaius Asinius Pollio during the reign of Augustus.[4] The Farnese Bull sculptural group which was later moved into the Baths of Caracalla was already present at the site in the time of Pollio, who imported it to display in his gardens.[4]

Trastevere (Italian pronunciation: [traˈsteːvere])[1] is the 13th rione of Rome: it is identified by the initials R. XIII and it is located within the Municipio I. Its name comes from the Latin trans Tiberim, meaning literally "beyond the Tiber".

Its coat of arms depicts a golden head of a lion on a red background, the meaning of which is uncertain.

In Rome's Regal period (753–509 BC), the area across the Tiber belonged to the hostile Etruscans: the Romans named it Ripa Etrusca (Etruscan bank). Rome conquered it to gain control of and access to the river from both banks, but was not interested in building on that side of the river. In fact, the only connection between Trastevere and the rest of the city was a small wooden bridge called the Pons Sublicius (Latin: "bridge built on wooden piles").

By the time of the Republic c. 509 BC, the number of sailors and fishermen making a living from the river had increased, and many had taken up residence in Trastevere. Immigrants from the East also settled there, mainly Jews and Syrians. The area began to be considered part of the city under Augustus, who divided Rome into 14 regions (regiones in Latin); modern Trastevere was the XIV and was called Trans Tiberim.

The Museum of the Roman Civilization (Italian: Museo della Civiltà Romana) is a museum in Rome (Esposizione Universale Roma district), devoted to aspects of the Ancient Roman Civilization.

As of 2019 the museum is closed indefinitely for renovation. (Link?)

It was designed by the architects Pietro Ascheri, D. Bernardini and Cesare Pascoletti[1] (1939–1941).
Its 59 sections[2] illustrate the history of Roman civilization, from the origins to the 4th century, with models and reproductions, as well as original material. The premises are shared with a planetarium.

It houses, among other things:

In Roman architecture, an insula (Latin for "island", plural insulae) was one of two things: either a kind of apartment building, or a city block. This article deals with the former definition, that of a type of building.

An insula housed most of the urban citizen population of ancient Rome, including ordinary people of lower- or middle-class status (the plebs) and all but the wealthiest from the upper-middle class (the equites). The term was also used to mean a city block.[1][2][3]

The traditional elite and the very wealthy lived in a domus, a large single-family residence, but the two kinds of housing were intermingled in the city and not segregated into separate neighborhoods.[4] The ground-level floor of the insula was used for tabernae, shops and businesses, with the living space upstairs. Like modern apartment buildings, an insula might have a name, usually referring to the owner of the building.[5]

Strabo notes that insulae, like domus, had running water and sanitation; but this kind of housing was sometimes constructed at minimal expense for speculative purposes, resulting in insulae of poor construction. They were built in timber, mud brick, and later primitive concrete, and were prone to fire and collapse, as described by Juvenal, whose satiric purpose in writing should be taken into account. Among his many business interests, Marcus Licinius Crassus speculated in real estate and owned numerous insulae in the city. When one collapsed from poor construction, Cicero purportedly stated that Crassus was happy that he could charge higher rents for a new building than the collapsed one.[6] 
Living quarters were typically smallest in the building's uppermost floors, with the largest and most expensive apartments being located on the bottom floors.



St. Peter's Square (Italian: Piazza San Pietro [ˈpjattsa sam ˈpjɛːtro], Latin: Forum Sancti Petri) is a large plaza located directly in front of St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City, the papal enclave inside Rome, directly west of the neighbourhood or rione of Borgo. Both the square and the basilica are named after Saint Peter, an apostle of Jesus considered by Catholics to be the first Pope.

At the centre of the square is an ancient Egyptian obelisk, erected at the current site in 1586. Gian Lorenzo Bernini designed the square almost 100 years later, including the massive Doric colonnades,[1][2] four columns deep, which embrace visitors in "the maternal arms of Mother Church". A granite fountain constructed by Bernini in 1675 matches another fountain designed by Carlo Maderno in 1613.

The open space which lies before the basilica was redesigned by Gian Lorenzo Bernini from 1656 to 1667, under the direction of Pope Alexander VII, as an appropriate forecourt, designed "so that the greatest number of people could see the Pope give his blessing, either from the middle of the façade of the church or from a window in the Vatican Palace" (Norwich 1975 p 175). Bernini had been working on the interior of St. Peter's for decades; now he gave order to the space with his renowned colonnades, using a simplified Doric order,[4][5] to avoid competing with the palace-like façade by Carlo Maderno, but he employed it on an unprecedented colossal scale to suit the space and evoke a sense of awe.

The Via dei Fori Imperiali (formerly Via dei Monti, then Via dell'Impero)[1] is a road in the centre of the city of Rome, Italy, that runs in a straight line from the Piazza Venezia to the Colosseum. Its course takes it over parts of the Forum of Trajan, Forum of Augustus and Forum of Nerva, parts of which can be seen on both sides of the road. Since the 1990s, there has been a great deal of archeological excavation on both sides of the road, as significant Imperial Roman relics remain to be found underneath it.

The Via dei Fori Imperiali was built by order of the Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini, in the period between 1924 and 1932. 
The tentative name of the road during its construction was Via dei Monti,[1] but was named Via dell'Impero when it was inaugurated.[1] 
Mussolini, on horseback, cut the ribbon opening the road on 9 April 1932 and led a military parade with veterans of World War I. 
After the end of World War II, the road was renamed to its present name. 
Each year on 2 June it hosts a parade in celebration of the founding of the modern Italian Republic.

On 3 August 2013, the south part of the road, between Largo Corrado Ricci and the Colosseum, was closed to private traffic, while bus and taxi are still allowed to use it.[2]

The road was touted as a celebration of the glories of ancient Rome, because its construction has rediscovered and made visible the Imperial fora.

Coordinates: 41°53′33.20″N 12°29′38.59″E﻿ / ﻿41.8925556°N 12.4940528°E﻿ / 41.8925556; 12.4940528

The Baths of Titus or Thermae Titi were public baths (Thermae) built in 81 AD at Rome, by Roman emperor Titus.[1] 
The baths sat at the base of the Esquiline Hill, an area of parkland and luxury estates which had been taken over by Nero (AD 54–68) for his Golden House or Domus Aurea. Titus' baths were built in haste, possibly by converting an existing or partly built bathing complex belonging to the reviled Domus Aurea.[2] They were not particularly extensive, and the much larger Baths of Trajan were built immediately adjacent to them at the start of the next century.[3]

The Baths of Titus were restored during the reign of Hadrian as well as in AD 238 but no further repairs are known.[4][5] It is thus likely that the entire complex underwent a process of early abandonment. Large parts of the building were still standing in the 16th century when Andrea Palladio described the floor plan. The ruins were demolished shortly afterwards, their marble and building materials being reused for the building of palaces and churches such as the side chapels of the Church of the Gesù or the fountain of the Cortile del Belvedere in the Vatican.

One of the features of the baths was mural designs by the artist Famulus (or Fabullus), both al fresco and al stucco. Before the designs fell into disrepair from exposure to the elements, Nicholas Ponce copied and reproduced them as engravings in his volume "Description des bains de Titus" (Paris, 1786). The designs are now recognized as a source of the style known as "grotesque" (meaning "like a small cave, a hollow, a grotto") because the ruins of the Baths of Titus were in a hollow in the ground when they were discovered.[6]

The Via Flaminia or Flaminian Way was an ancient Roman road leading from Rome over the Apennine Mountains to Ariminum (Rimini) on the coast of the Adriatic Sea, and due to the ruggedness of the mountains was the major option the Romans had for travel between Etruria, Latium, Campania, and the Po Valley. Today the same route, still called by the same name for much of its distance, is paralleled or overlaid by Strada Statale (SS) 3, also called Strada Regionale (SR) 3 in Lazio and Umbria, and Strada Provinciale (SP) 3 in Marche. It leaves Rome, goes up the Val Tevere ("Valley of the Tiber") and into the mountains at Castello delle Formiche, ascends to Gualdo Tadino, continuing over the divide at Scheggia Pass, 575 m (1,886 ft) to Cagli. From there it descends the eastern slope waterways between the Tuscan-Emilian Apennines and the Umbrian Apennines to Fano on the coast and goes north, parallel to Highway A14 to Rimini.

This route, once convenient to Roman citizens and other travelers, is now congested by heavy traffic between north Italy and the capital at Rome. It remains a country road, while the traffic crosses by railway and autostrada through dozens of tunnels between Florence and Bologna – a shorter, more direct route under the ridges and nearly inaccessible passes.

It was constructed by Gaius Flaminius during his censorship (220 BC). Sources mention frequent improvements being made to it during the imperial period. Augustus instituted a general restoration of the roads of Italy, assigning supervision of different regions to various senators. He reserved the Flaminia for himself, and rebuilt all the bridges except the Pons Mulvius, by which it crosses the Tiber, 3 kilometres (2 miles) north of Rome (built by Marcus Aemilius Scaurus in 109 BC), and an unknown Pons Minucius. Triumphal arches were erected in his honour on the former bridge and at Ariminum, the latter of which is still preserved. Vespasian constructed a new tunnel through the pass of Intercisa (Furlo), in AD 77, and Trajan, as inscriptions show, repaired several bridges along the road.[1]

In the Middle Ages it was known as the Ravenna road, as it led to the then more important city of Ravenna. Following the end of the Exarchate of Ravenna, it fell into disuse during the Lombard period, but was partially reconstructed in the Renaissance era and continued to be of military importance down to the Napoleonic era and World War II. As the SS 3 (Strada Statale 3) it remains one of the principal highways from Rome to the Adriatic coast.

Coordinates: 41°53′28″N 12°29′29″E﻿ / ﻿41.89111°N 12.49139°E﻿ / 41.89111; 12.49139

The Colossus of Nero (Colossus Neronis) was a 30-metre (98 ft) bronze statue that the Emperor Nero (37–68 AD) created in the vestibule of his Domus Aurea, the imperial villa complex which spanned a large area from the north side of the Palatine Hill, across the Velian ridge to the Esquiline Hill. It was modified by Nero's successors into a statue of the sun god Sol. The statue was eventually moved to a spot outside the Flavian Amphitheatre, which (according to one of the more popular theories) became known, by its proximity to the Colossus, as the Colosseum.

The last mention of the Colossus is in an illuminated manuscript from the late 4th century AD. The statue disappeared sometime afterwards, likely toppled by an earthquake or destroyed during the Sack of Rome, although some sources indicate the statue may have remained standing as late as the 7th century AD. Today, the only remnants of the statue are some concrete blocks that once made up the foundation of its marble pedestal.

The statue was placed just outside the main palace entrance at the terminus of the Via Appia in a large atrium of porticoes that divided the city from the private villa.[1]  The Greek architect Zenodorus designed the statue and began construction between A.D. 64 and 68. According to Pliny the Elder, the statue reached 106.5 Roman Feet (30.3 metres (99 ft)) in height, though other sources claim it was as much as 37 metres (121 ft).[2]

The Amphitheatre of Statilius Taurus (Latin: Amphitheatrum Statilii Tauri) was an amphitheatre in ancient Rome.

The amphitheatre was inaugurated in 29 BC.[1] Earlier arenas were temporary structures that were disassembled after the event. The amphitheatre was built by Titus Statilius Taurus, who paid for it from his own resources. Statilius Taurus was a successful general and politician in the time of emperor Augustus and had gathered much wealth during his career. For the inauguration he also paid for the gladiatorial games.[2]

The amphitheatre was built on the Campus Martius in Rome in a period when many new temples and theatres were being built. The exact location is lost, but it was probably built in the southern area of the Campus Martius. Within a 50-year span, this area saw the construction of the Theater of Pompey, the Theater of Marcellus, and the Theater of Balbus, along with the Amphitheatre of Statilius Taurus.

It was not a large amphitheatre. Dissatisfaction over the Amphitheatre of Statilius Taurus led Nero, in 57 AD, to build a new wooden amphitheatre, the Amphitheatrum Neronis. During the Great Fire of Rome in 64 AD, which left Rome in ashes, both amphitheatres were completely destroyed.[3]

The Baths of Nero (Thermae Neronis) or Baths of Alexander (Thermae Alexandrinae) were a complex of ancient Roman baths on the Campus Martius in Rome, built by Nero in either 62 or 64[1] and rebuilt by Alexander Severus in 227 or 229.[2] It stood between the Pantheon and the Stadium of Domitian and were listed among the most notable buildings in the city by Roman authors[3] and became a much-frequented venue.[4] These thermae were the second large public baths built in Rome, after the Baths of Agrippa, and it was probably the first "imperial-type" complex of baths, with a monumental scale and symmetrical, axially-planned design. While in the sixteenth century the foundations of the caldarium were still visible, nothing else of the structure remains above ground except some fragments of walls incorporated into the structure of Palazzo Madama.

The thermae covered an area of about 190 by 120 metres. Their extent is shown by the modern-day piazza della Rotonda, via del Pozzo delle Cornacchie and via della Dogana Vecchia which now cover the site. The complex's water was initially supplied by the Aqua Virgo - already supplying the neighbouring Baths of Agrippa - then by the newly built Aqua Alexandrina after its restoration in the reign of the early third century emperor Alexander Severus, after whom it was subsequently renamed, though some continued to give it Nero's name.[5] The restoration was part of the extensive building program that Severus undertook during his reign, which also included the restoration of the Baths of Caracalla, the Colosseum, the Temple of Serapis, Circus Maximus, and the Alexandrian nymphaeum, among others.[6] There is some contradiction among ancient sources with regards to whether the Baths of Nero and the Baths of Alexander are the same. Some affirmed that they are identical, while some claim that the two structures were merely close to each other.[7] It is also suggested that the Severus added his baths to the existing facility built by Nero.[7]

Its construction was celebrated by a probable depiction of the baths on a coin of Alexander Severus.[8] According to Sidonius Apollinaris, it was still in use in the fifth century.[9] Its appearance is known from Renaissance drawings made by Palladio and Antonio da Sangallo the Younger and may substantially represent the design as it was the time of Nero. The overall layout of the baths has been confirmed by archaeological findings.[10] It fronted north, and was aligned with its walls facing the points of the compass. In the centre of the colder northern side  was the natatio (swimming pool) flanked by two lateral peristyles, which may have been used as palaestrae. At the centre was the frigidarium with four adjoining chambers in the corners, flanked on either side by two apodyteria (changing rooms). South of these a tepidarium flanked by two rooms that may have been sudatoria or laconica (steam rooms) led finally to the southern, hottest end of the complex, where the caldarium stood projecting from the walls on either side, receiving the most sunlight and surrounded by praefurnia or propignea - chambers leading to the furnaces heating the whole thermae. An account stated that forests had been officially designated as sources for its heating fuel and that special taxes were imposed for its maintenance.[11]

Pipes from the Neronian structure were discovered between the piazza and the Salita dei Crescenzi. Neronian opus caementicium - concrete - has also been discovered. Brick stamps dating from the re-building by Alexander Severus were found in the remains of a hypocaust in Palazzo Madama in 1871. Another hypocaust was found on the site of San Salvatore in Thermis.[12]

The Capitoline Museums (Italian: Musei Capitolini) is a single museum containing a group of art and archaeological museums in Piazza del Campidoglio, on top of the Capitoline Hill in Rome, Italy. The historic seats of the museums are Palazzo dei Conservatori and Palazzo Nuovo, facing on the central trapezoidal piazza in a plan conceived by Michelangelo in 1536 and executed over a period of more than 400 years. The history of the museum can be traced to 1471, when Pope Sixtus IV donated a collection of important ancient bronzes to the people of Rome and located them on the Capitoline Hill. Since then, the museums' collection has grown to include many ancient Roman statues, inscriptions, and other artifacts; a collection of medieval and Renaissance art; and collections of jewels, coins, and other items. The museums are owned and operated by the municipality of Rome.

The statue of a mounted rider in the centre of the piazza is of Emperor Marcus Aurelius. It is a copy, the original being housed on-site in the Capitoline museum.

Opened to the public in 1734 under Clement XII, the Capitoline Museums are considered the first museum in the world, understood as a place where art could be enjoyed by all and not only by the owners.[1]

This section contains collections sorted by building, and brief information on the buildings themselves.  For the history of their design and construction, see Capitoline Hill#Michelangelo.

Coordinates: 41°54′5.82″N 12°27′14.94″E﻿ / ﻿41.9016167°N 12.4541500°E﻿ / 41.9016167; 12.4541500

The Circus of Nero or Circus of Caligula was a circus in ancient Rome, located mostly in the present-day Vatican City.

The accompanying plan shows an early interpretation of the relative locations of the circus and the medieval and current Basilicas of St. Peter. The plan also suggests the dimensions of the circus relative to the Basilicas. A more modern interpretation differs in various respects: it maintains the central obelisk in the same position relative to the Basilicas, as in the accompanying plan, but rotates the entire circus about the obelisk, in a clockwise direction, about 170 degrees, so that the starting gates of the circus are now towards the east, and closer to the centre of Rome. The more modern interpretation also shows the circus as being much longer, relative to its width as compared to the early interpretation. See plan: "Outline of St. Peter's, Old St. Peter's, and Circus of Nero".

In both interpretations the circus building is centred on the obelisk; is aligned on a similar east-west line to that of the Basilicas; and lies to the south of the axis of the current Basilica (to the left looking at the western front from the piazza). The major differences are in the relocation of the starting gates to the eastern end, and the change in proportions of the circus itself.

Original file ‎(1,032 × 859 pixels, file size: 1.23 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

ϴ - Theta infelix

Ꝋ - Theta infelix

This work is in the public domain in its country of origin and other countries and areas where the copyright term is the author's life plus 70 years or fewer.

Coordinates: 41°53′32″N 12°29′07″E﻿ / ﻿41.8922°N 12.4852°E﻿ / 41.8922; 12.4852



People

Events

The Fountain of Neptune (Italian: Fontana del Nettuno) is a fountain in Rome, Italy, located at the north end of the Piazza Navona.[1]  It was once called "Fontana dei Calderari" because it was located close to a small alley with blacksmith's workshops, makers of pots and pans and of other metal based businesses, all of them generating heat.

The restoration of the Roman Aqua Virgo aqueduct in 1570 was immediately followed by the start of work on a continuation water supply pipe towards the district of the old Campo Marzio, which following the diminution of the city's size and importance was left as the most densely populated part of the city.  Restoration of a piped water supply in turn permitted the construction of several public fountains.   The basin of the Fontana del Nettuno, (without the sculptures), was designed in 1574 by Giacomo Della Porta, who was also responsible for the Moor Fountain at the other side of the square. It was sponsored by pope Gregory XIII. The lower part of the basin consists of white marble and the upper part of the local stone from Pietrasanta. For the next 300 years, the fountain survived without statues.

Nineteenth-century infrastructure developments reduced dependence on urban fountains for drinking and washing purposes but increased their visual and political importance, especially following the creation of the Italian state with Rome as its capital after 1870.  The fountain as it exists today was finally completed in 1878 by Antonio della Bitta, who added the imposing sculpture of Neptune fighting with an octopus, and Gregorio Zappalà, who created the other sculptures, based on the mythological theme of the "Nereids with Cupids and walruses".[2] This statuary was added following a competition in 1873, in order to balance that of the Moor Fountain on the south side of the piazza and of the Fontana dei Quattro Fiumi (Fountain of the Four Rivers) at its centre.

Coordinates: 41°53′59.35″N 12°28′22.95″E﻿ / ﻿41.8998194°N 12.4730417°E﻿ / 41.8998194; 12.4730417





The Colosseum or Coliseum (/ˌkɒləˈsiːəm/ KOL-ə-SEE-əm), also known as the Flavian Amphitheatre (Latin: Amphitheatrum Flavium; Italian: Anfiteatro Flavio [aɱfiteˈaːtro ˈflaːvjo] or Colosseo [kolosˈsɛːo]), is an oval amphitheatre in the centre of the city of Rome, Italy. Built of travertine limestone, tuff (volcanic rock), and brick-faced concrete,[1] it was the largest amphitheatre ever built at the time and held 50,000 to 80,000 spectators. The Colosseum is situated just east of the Roman Forum. Construction began under the emperor Vespasian in AD 72[2] and was completed in AD 80 under his successor and heir, Titus.[3] Further modifications were made during the reign of Domitian (81–96).[4] These three emperors are known as the Flavian dynasty, and the amphitheatre was named in Latin for its association with their family name (Flavius).

The Colosseum could hold an estimated 50,000 to 80,000 spectators at various points of its history over the centuries,[5][6] having an average audience of some 65,000;[7][8] it was used for gladiatorial contests and public spectacles such as mock sea battles (for only a short time as the hypogeum was soon filled in with mechanisms to support the other activities), animal hunts, executions, re-enactments of famous battles, and dramas based on Classical mythology. The building ceased to be used for entertainment in the early medieval era. It was later reused for such purposes as housing, workshops, quarters for a religious order, a fortress, a quarry, and a Christian shrine.[citation needed]




Coordinates: 43°N 12°E﻿ / ﻿43°N 12°E﻿ / 43; 12

– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)  –  [Legend]
Italy (Italian: Italia [iˈtaːlja] (listen)), officially the Italian Republic (Italian: Repubblica Italiana [reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna]),[10][11][12][13]  is a country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands. Italy is located in south-central Europe,[14][15] and it is also considered a part of western Europe.[16][17] A unitary parliamentary republic  with its capital in Rome, the country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 (116,350 sq mi) and shares land borders with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino. Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland (Campione) and a maritime exclave in Tunisian waters (Lampedusa). With around 60 million inhabitants, Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union.

Nereto  is a town and comune in Teramo province in the Abruzzo region of eastern Italy.









– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)


Italy is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe with the third largest nominal GDP in the Eurozone and the eighth largest in the world. As an advanced economy the country also has the sixth worldwide national wealth and it is ranked third for its central bank gold reserve. Italy has a very high level of human development and it is sixth in the world for life expectancy. The country plays a prominent role in regional and global economic, military, cultural and diplomatic affairs, and it is both a regional power[1][2] and a great power.[3][4] Italy is a founding and leading member of the European Union and the member of numerous international institutions, including the UN, NATO, the OECD, the OSCE, the WTO, the G7, G20, the Union for the Mediterranean, the Council of Europe, Uniting for Consensus and many more. As a reflection of its cultural wealth, Italy is home to 54 World Heritage Sites, the most in the world, and is the fifth most visited country.

This list shows firms in the Fortune Global 500, which ranks firms by 2018 total revenues reported before 31 March 2019.[5] Only the top five firms (if available) are included as a sample.

This list includes notable companies with primary headquarters located in the country. The industry and sector follow the Industry Classification Benchmark taxonomy. Organizations which have ceased operations are included and noted as defunct.

First car made by Anonima Lombarda Fabbrica Automobili (A.L.F.A), later Alfa Romeo.





– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)  –  [Legend]
Greece (Greek: Ελλάδα, Ellada, [eˈlaða]), officially the Hellenic Republic,[8][a] known also as Hellas,[b] is a country located in Southeast Europe. Its population is approximately 10.7 million as of 2018; Athens, the nation's capital, is its largest city, followed by Thessaloniki.



Coordinates: 40°N 4°W﻿ / ﻿40°N 4°W﻿ / 40; -4

– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)





Coordinates: 43°N 12°E﻿ / ﻿43°N 12°E﻿ / 43; 12

– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)  –  [Legend]
Italy (Italian: Italia [iˈtaːlja] (listen)), officially the Italian Republic (Italian: Repubblica Italiana [reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna]),[10][11][12][13]  is a country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands. Italy is located in south-central Europe,[14][15] and it is also considered a part of western Europe.[16][17] A unitary parliamentary republic  with its capital in Rome, the country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 (116,350 sq mi) and shares land borders with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino. Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland (Campione) and a maritime exclave in Tunisian waters (Lampedusa). With around 60 million inhabitants, Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union.





Barack Hussein Obama II (/bəˈrɑːk huːˈseɪn oʊˈbɑːmə/ (listen);[1] born August 4, 1961) is an American politician and attorney who served as the 44th president of the United States from 2009 to 2017. A member of the Democratic Party, Barack Obama was the first African-American president of the United States. He previously served as a U.S. senator from Illinois from 2005 to 2008 and an Illinois state senator from 1997 to 2004.

Obama was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. After graduating from Columbia University in 1983, he worked as a community organizer in Chicago. In 1988, he enrolled in Harvard Law School, where he was the first black person to head the Harvard Law Review. After graduating, he became a civil rights attorney and an academic, teaching constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School from 1992 to 2004. Turning to elective politics, he represented the 13th district from 1997 until 2004 in the Illinois Senate, when he ran for the U.S. Senate. Obama received national attention in 2004 with his March Senate primary win, his well-received July Democratic National Convention keynote address, and his landslide November election to the Senate. In 2008, he was nominated for president a year after his presidential campaign began, and after close primary campaigns against Hillary Clinton. Obama was elected over Republican John McCain and was inaugurated alongside Joe Biden on January 20, 2009. Nine months later, he was named the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate.



George W. Bush
Republican

Barack Obama
Democratic

The 2008 United States presidential election was the 56th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 2008. The Democratic ticket of Barack Obama, the junior U.S. Senator from Illinois, and Joe Biden, the senior U.S. Senator from Delaware, defeated the Republican ticket of John McCain, the senior Senator from Arizona, and Sarah Palin, the Governor of Alaska. Obama became the first African American ever to be elected to the presidency as well as being only the third sitting United States Senator elected president, joining Warren G. Harding and John F. Kennedy.







Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton[2] (née Rodham; born October 26, 1947) is an American politician, diplomat, lawyer, writer, and public speaker. She served as the 67th United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013, as United States senator from New York from 2001 to 2009, and as First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001. Clinton became the first woman to be nominated for president of the United States by a major political party when she won the Democratic Party nomination in 2016. She was the first woman to win the popular vote in an American presidential election, which she lost to Donald Trump.



Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama (née Robinson; born January 17, 1964) is an American lawyer and author who was the first lady of the United States from 2009 to 2017. She is married to the 44th President of the United States Barack Obama. She is the first African-American First Lady of the United States.

Raised on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, Obama is a graduate of Princeton University and Harvard Law School. In her early legal career, she worked at the law firm Sidley Austin where she met Barack Obama. She subsequently worked in non-profits and as the associate dean of Student Services at the University of Chicago as well as the vice president for Community and External Affairs of the University of Chicago Medical Center. Michelle married Barack in 1992, and they have two daughters.

Obama campaigned for her husband's presidential bid throughout 2007 and 2008, delivering a keynote address at the 2008 Democratic National Convention. She returned to speak for him at the 2012 Democratic National Convention. During the 2016 Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, she delivered a speech in support of the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, a former first lady.





George Walker Bush (born July 6, 1946) is an American politician and businessman who served as the 43rd president of the United States from 2001 to 2009. A member of the Republican Party, he had previously served as the 46th governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000. Born into the Bush family, his father, George H. W. Bush, served as the 41st president of the United States from 1989 to 1993.

Bush is the eldest son of Barbara and George H. W. Bush, and the second son to become the American president after his father, the first being John Quincy Adams. After graduating from Yale University in 1968 and Harvard Business School in 1975, he worked in the oil industry. Bush married Laura Welch in 1977 and unsuccessfully ran for the U.S. House of Representatives shortly thereafter. He later co-owned the Texas Rangers baseball team before defeating Ann Richards in the 1994 Texas gubernatorial election. Bush was elected president of the United States in 2000 when he defeated Democratic incumbent Vice President Al Gore after a narrow and contested win that involved a Supreme Court decision to stop a recount in Florida. He became the fourth person to be elected president without a popular vote victory.





Donald John Trump (born June 14, 1946) is the 45th and current president of the United States. Before entering politics, he was a businessman and television personality.

Trump was born and raised in Queens, a borough of New York City, and received a bachelor's degree in economics from the Wharton School. He took charge of his family's real-estate business in 1971, renamed it The Trump Organization, and expanded its operations from Queens and Brooklyn into Manhattan. The company built or renovated skyscrapers, hotels, casinos, and golf courses. Trump later started various side ventures, mostly by licensing his name. He bought the Miss Universe brand of beauty pageants in 1996, and sold it in 2015. He produced and hosted The Apprentice, a reality television series, from 2003 to 2015. As of 2020[update], Forbes estimated his net worth to be $2.1 billion.[a]





John Sidney McCain III (August 29, 1936 – August 25, 2018) was an American politician and military officer, who served as a United States senator for Arizona from January 1987 until his death in 2018. He previously served two terms in the United States House of Representatives and was the Republican nominee for president of the United States in the 2008 election, which he lost to Barack Obama.

McCain graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1958 and received a commission in the United States Navy. He became a naval aviator and flew ground-attack aircraft from aircraft carriers. During the Vietnam War, he almost died in the 1967 USS Forrestal fire. While on a bombing mission during Operation Rolling Thunder over Hanoi in October 1967, he was shot down, seriously injured, and captured by the North Vietnamese. He was a prisoner of war until 1973. He experienced episodes of torture and refused an out-of-sequence early release. During the war, he sustained wounds that left him with lifelong physical disabilities. He retired from the Navy as a captain in 1981 and moved to Arizona, where he entered politics.





John Forbes Kerry (born December 11, 1943) is an American politician who served as the 68th United States Secretary of State from 2013 to 2017. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served as a United States Senator from Massachusetts from 1985 until 2013. He was the Democratic nominee in the 2004 presidential election, losing to Republican incumbent President George W. Bush.

Kerry grew up as a military brat, and attended boarding school in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. He graduated from Yale University in 1966 with a major in political science. Kerry enlisted in the Naval Reserve in 1966, and between 1968 and 1969, he served an abbreviated four-month tour of duty in South Vietnam as officer-in-charge (OIC) of a Swift Boat. For that service, he was awarded combat medals that include the Silver Star Medal, Bronze Star Medal and three Purple Heart Medals. Securing an early return to the United States, Kerry joined the Vietnam Veterans Against the War organization, in which he served as a nationally recognized spokesman and as an outspoken opponent of the Vietnam War. He appeared in the Fulbright Hearings before the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs where he described United States war policy in Vietnam as the cause of war crimes.







The 2008 presidential campaign of Barack Obama, then junior United States Senator from Illinois, was announced on February 10, 2007, in Springfield, Illinois.[1]  After winning a majority of delegates in the Democratic primaries of 2008, on August 23, leading up to the convention, the campaign announced that Senator Joe Biden of Delaware would be the vice presidential nominee.[2] At the 2008 Democratic National Convention on August 27, Barack Obama was formally selected as the Democratic Party nominee for President of the United States in 2008.[3] He was the first African American in history to be nominated on a major party ticket.[4]







Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. (/ˌrɒbɪˈnɛt ˈbaɪdən/;[1] born November 20, 1942) is an American politician who served as the 47th vice president of the United States from 2009 to 2017 and represented Delaware in the U.S. Senate from 1973 to 2009. A member of the Democratic Party, Biden is the presumptive Democratic nominee for president in the 2020 election. He unsuccessfully sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988 and in 2008. 







The presidency of Barack Obama began at noon EST on January 20, 2009, when Barack Obama was inaugurated as the 44th President of the United States, and ended on January 20, 2017. Obama, a Democrat from Illinois, took office following a decisive victory over Republican John McCain in the 2008 presidential election. Four years later, in the 2012 election, he defeated Republican Mitt Romney to win re-election. He was the first African American president, the first multiracial president, the first non-white president, and the first president to have been born in Hawaii. Obama was succeeded by Republican Donald Trump, who won the 2016 presidential election.





 





Barack Obama
Democratic

Barack Obama
Democratic

The 2012 United States presidential election was the 57th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012. The Democratic nominee, President Barack Obama, and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, were elected to a second term. They defeated the Republican ticket of businessman and former Governor Mitt Romney of Massachusetts and Representative Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.





Clinton









Willard Mitt Romney (born March 12, 1947) is an American politician and businessman who has served as the junior United States senator from Utah since January 2019. He previously served as the 70th Governor of Massachusetts from 2003 to 2007 and was the Republican Party's nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election.





Barack Obama
Democratic

Donald Trump
Republican





William Jefferson Clinton (né Blythe III; born August 19, 1946) is an American politician who served as the 42nd president of the United States from 1993 to 2001. Prior to his presidency, he served as governor of Arkansas (1979–1981 and 1983–1992) and as attorney general of Arkansas (1977–1979). A member of the Democratic Party, Clinton was known as a New Democrat, and many of his policies reflected a centrist "Third Way" political philosophy. He is the husband of former secretary of state, former U.S. senator, and two-time candidate for president Hillary Clinton.

Clinton was born and raised in Arkansas and attended Georgetown University,[1] University College, Oxford, and Yale Law School. He met Hillary Rodham at Yale and married her in 1975. After graduating from law school, Clinton returned to Arkansas and won election as the attorney general of Arkansas, serving from 1977 to 1979. He later served as governor of Arkansas. As governor, he overhauled the state's education system and served as chairman of the National Governors Association. Clinton was elected president in 1992, defeating incumbent Republican opponent George H. W. Bush. At age 46, he became the third-youngest president in history.



First Lady of the United States (FLOTUS) is the title held by the hostess of the White House, usually the wife of the president of the United States, concurrent with the president's term in office. Although the first lady's role has never been codified or officially defined, she figures prominently in the political and social life of the nation.[1] Since the early 20th century, the first lady has been assisted by official staff, now known as the Office of the First Lady and headquartered in the East Wing of the White House.

Melania Trump is the current first lady of the United States, as wife of 45th president of the United States, Donald Trump.

While the title was not in general use until much later, Martha Washington, the wife of George Washington, the first U.S. president (1789–1797), is considered to be the inaugural first lady of the United States. During her lifetime, she was often referred to as "Lady Washington".[2]

Barack Obama
Democratic

Barack Obama
Democratic

The 2012 United States presidential election in New Jersey took place on November 6, 2012, as part of the 2012 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Voters in the state chose 14 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.

Due to the difficulty of getting to polling places because of the damage caused by Hurricane Sandy, voters who were displaced were allowed to vote electronically. Officials were not prepared for the 15 minutes that it took to validate each request, and were deluged by voters who were not displaced asking to vote electronically, so voting was extended until Friday, November 9, at 8 PM. Requests had to be submitted by 5 PM.[1]





The 2016 presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton was announced in a YouTube video, on April 12, 2015.[5] Hillary Clinton was the 67th United States Secretary of State and served during the first term of the Obama administration, 2009 to 2013. She was previously a United States Senator from New York, 2001 to 2009, and is the wife of former President Bill Clinton, serving as First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001.

Clinton's main competitor in the 2016 Democratic primary election was Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. She received the most support from middle aged and older voters, and from black, Latino, and older female voters. She focused her platform on several issues, including expanding racial, LGBT, and women's rights, raising wages and ensuring equal pay for women, and improving healthcare.





The second inauguration of Barack Obama as President of the United States was the 57th inauguration and marked the commencement of the second and final term of Barack Obama as President and Joe Biden as Vice President. A private swearing-in ceremony took place on Sunday, January 20, 2013 in the Blue Room of the White House. A public inauguration ceremony took place on Monday, January 21, 2013 at the West Front of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C.[1]

The inauguration theme was "Faith in America's Future", a phrase that draws upon the 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation and the completion of the Capitol dome in 1863. The theme also stressed the "perseverance and unity" of the United States and echoed the "Forward" theme used in the closing months of Obama's reelection campaign. The inaugural events held in Washington, D.C. from January 19 to 21, 2013 included concerts, a national day of community service on Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, the swearing-in ceremony, luncheon and parade, inaugural balls, and the interfaith inaugural prayer service. The presidential oath was administered to Obama during his swearing-in ceremony on January 20 and 21, 2013 by Chief Justice of the United States John G. Roberts.







The family of Barack Obama, the 44th president of the United States, and his wife Michelle Obama is made up of people of Kenyan (Luo), African-American, and Old Stock American (including originally English, Scots-Irish, Welsh, German, and Swiss) ancestry.[1][2][3][4][5] Their immediate family was the First Family of the United States from 2009 to 2017.[6] The Obamas are the first First Family of African-American descent.[7]







The Mitt Romney presidential campaign of 2012 officially began on June 2, 2011, when former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney formally announced his candidacy for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States, at an event in Stratham, New Hampshire. Having previously run in the 2008 Republican primaries, this was Romney's second campaign for the presidency.

John Kerry

Barack Obama

This article is an annotated list of candidates associated with the 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2008 United States presidential election.

Delegate statistics:





Barack Obama served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017. Before his presidency, he served in the Illinois Senate (1997–2004) and the United States Senate (2005–2008).

It was during his campaign for the United States Senate that he first made a speech that received nationwide attention; he gave the keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention. and stated "there is not a liberal America and a conservative America—there is the United States of America". Obama began to run for president just three years after that speech. In response to a political controversy involving race during the primary campaign, he delivered his "A More Perfect Union" speech, which was widely seen as a critical point in the campaign.





Barack Hussein Obama II (/bəˈrɑːk huːˈseɪn oʊˈbɑːmə/ (listen);[1] born August 4, 1961) is an American politician and attorney who served as the 44th president of the United States from 2009 to 2017. A member of the Democratic Party, Barack Obama was the first African-American president of the United States. He previously served as a U.S. senator from Illinois from 2005 to 2008 and an Illinois state senator from 1997 to 2004.

Obama was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. After graduating from Columbia University in 1983, he worked as a community organizer in Chicago. In 1988, he enrolled in Harvard Law School, where he was the first black person to head the Harvard Law Review. After graduating, he became a civil rights attorney and an academic, teaching constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School from 1992 to 2004. Turning to elective politics, he represented the 13th district from 1997 until 2004 in the Illinois Senate, when he ran for the U.S. Senate. Obama received national attention in 2004 with his March Senate primary win, his well-received July Democratic National Convention keynote address, and his landslide November election to the Senate. In 2008, he was nominated for president a year after his presidential campaign began, and after close primary campaigns against Hillary Clinton. Obama was elected over Republican John McCain and was inaugurated alongside Joe Biden on January 20, 2009. Nine months later, he was named the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate.



Mariano Rajoy Brey (Spanish: [maˈɾjano raˈxoj]; born 27 March 1955) is a Spanish politician who served as Prime Minister of Spain from 2011 to 2018, when a vote of no confidence ousted his government.[1][2] On 5 June 2018, he announced his resignation as People's Party leader.[3][4]

He became Leader of the People's Party in 2004 and Prime Minister in 2011 following the People's Party landslide victory in that year's general election becoming the sixth President of the Spanish Government.[5] The party lost its majority in the 2015 general election, but after that election ended in deadlock, a second election in 2016 enabled Rajoy to be reelected Prime Minister as head of a minority government. Rajoy was a Minister under the José María Aznar administration, occupying different leading roles in different Ministries between 1996 and 2003, and he also was the Deputy Prime Minister between 2000 and 2003. He was the Leader of the Opposition between 2004 and 2011 under José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero's government.

Rajoy's first term was heavily marked by the Spanish financial crisis and oversaw a major restructuring of the Spanish financial system as well as a major labour reform. The financial crisis peaked with a bailout of the Spanish banking system in June 2012. Unemployment in Spain peaked at 27% in 2012, which led to an initial drop of the People's Party in the polls, which was aggravated by the revelations of a series of corruption cases that seriously damaged the party's reputation. This, among other factors, led to a profound shift in the Spanish party system, with the rise of new political parties from the left and the right: Podemos and Citizens.

Ángel Acebes Paniagua (born 3 July 1958) is a Spanish politician.

Acebes holds a degree in law from the University of Salamanca. He has been a member of parliament for the rightwing People's Party since 1996, representing Avila. He played a key role in securing the support of minority parties and so making it possible for the People's Party to form a government. 

He was Justice Minister from 1999-2002 and Interior Minister from 2002-04. He was Interior Minister - responsible for national security and Police - when the Madrid bombings occurred and was criticised by his opponents for blaming the attacks on ETA, allegedly for electoral gain, rather than on Islamic militants.[1]

The Zapatero II Government was formed on 14 April 2008 following José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero's election as Prime Minister of Spain by the Congress of Deputies on 11 April and his swearing-in on 12 April, as a result of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) emerging as the largest parliamentary force at the 2008 Spanish general election.[1][2] Zapatero's second cabinet was composed mainly by members of the PSOE and its sister party, the Socialists' Party of Catalonia (PSC), as well as a number of independents.[3][4] It succeeded the first Zapatero government and was the Government of Spain from 14 April 2008 to 22 December 2011, a total of 1,347 days, or 3 years, 8 months and 8 days.

The government was automatically dismissed on 21 November 2011 as a consequence of the 2011 general election, but remained in acting capacity until the next government was sworn in.[5][6]

Zapatero's second government saw a number of cabinet changes during its tenure:

The Council of Ministers was structured into the offices for the prime minister, the two deputy prime ministers, 17 ministries and the post of the spokesperson of the Government.[19][20][21] From April 2009, the Council would include a third deputy prime minister.[22][23] The number of ministries was reduced to 15 after the ministries of Housing and Equality were merged into the Development and Health ministries.[24] From July 2011, the Council would include only two deputy prime ministers.[25]

Celestino Corbacho Chaves (Valverde de Leganés, Badajoz, 14 November 1949) is a Spanish politician, who was Member of Catalan Parliament and Minister of Labour and Immigrations in José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero cabinet between 2008 and 2010.

He was the mayor of L'Hospitalet de Llobregat from 1994 till 2008, and Vice President and then President of the Diputación de Barcelona. He was a member of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia. After 2019 local elections, he is member of the Barcelona city council for Ciudadanos party.

Eduardo Andrés Julio Zaplana Hernández-Soro (born 3 April 1956) is a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Labour and Social Issues from 2002 to 2004, President of the Valencian Government form 1995 to 2002 and Spokesperson of the Partido Popular (PP) in the Spanish Congress of Deputies from 2004 to 2008.

A lawyer, Zaplana studied at the University of Alicante.
After involvement in the now defunct Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD), Zaplana joined PP. He served as mayor of Benidorm from 1991 to 1994; he also served in the Valencian Regional Parliament as a deputy, becoming president of the Valencian Community in 1995, a position he held until 24 July 2002. He resigned after being appointed Minister of Employment and Social Security, a post he held until the 2004 General Election.

He served as a senator from 2002 until 2004, when he was elected to the Spanish Congress, representing Valencia and becoming PP's main spokesman in Congress.

For 2008, he changed electoral districts, moving to Madrid, where he was fourth on the PP list.[1] Following PP's election defeat in March 2008, he resigned as PP Spokesman, stating that he intended to become a backbench MP.[2] On 29 April, he resigned as PP MP altogether, announcing that he would become a European delegate for Telefónica.



The People's Party[18] (Spanish: Partido Popular [paɾˈtiðo popuˈlaɾ] (listen); known mostly by its acronym, PP [peˈpe]) is a conservative[4][5] and Christian-democratic[5][8] political party in Spain.

The People's Party was a 1989 re-foundation of People's Alliance (AP), a party led by former minister of the dictatorship Manuel Fraga and founded back in 1976 as alliance of post-Francoist proto-parties. The new party combined the conservative AP with several small Christian democratic and liberal parties (the party call this fusion of views "the Reformist centre"). In 2002, Manuel Fraga received the honorary title of "Founding Chairman". The party's youth organization is New Generations of the People's Party of Spain (NNGG).

The PP is a member of the center-right European People's Party (EPP), and in the European Parliament its 16 MEPs sit in the EPP Group. The PP is also a member of the Centrist Democrat International and the International Democrat Union. The PP was also one of the founding organizations of the Budapest-based Robert Schuman Institute for Developing Democracy in Central and Eastern Europe.

José Antonio Griñán Martínez (born 7 June 1946) is a Spanish politician. He is the chairman of the centre-left Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), and from 23 April 2009 until 7 September 2013 he held the position of President of the Regional Government of Andalusia.[1] He was sentenced to 6 years of prison due to prevarication and embezzlement of public funds in the granting of aid to companies in crisis for 10 years worth 680 million euros. [2]

He replaced Manuel Chaves when Chaves was named Third Vice President of the Government of Spain in charge of Territorial Policy.[3] In 2013 he announced his intention of stepping down and was subsequently replaced by the then regional Minister of the Presidency Susana Díaz.

Born in Madrid in 1946, his family moved to Andalusia. He graduated in Law at the University of Seville, and started a public service career, finishing with the third best result on the 1969 competitive examination for the position of junior labour inspector, his first assignment was in 1970 in Zaragoza and he finally established in 1974, in Seville.

He joined the PSOE at the beginning of the 1980s, and after the socialist victory in the Andalusian parliamentary elections of 23 May 1982 (the first such elections to be held, since the Spanish transition to democracy), served as vice minister of Labour in the Andalusian governments presided over by Rafael Escuredo and José Rodríguez de la Borbolla, until in 1986 when he was named vice minister of Health. In 1987 he was named technical secretary general of the Andalusian Labour Ministry and in 1990 was named as minister of health in the first government of Manuel Chaves. He served three terms as a deputy for Cordoba at the Congress of Deputies. First elected in the 1993 Spanish General election, he was reelected in 1996 and 2000. There, he served as twice as a minister during the Felipe González premiership: from 1992 to 1993 as minister of health and consumption and from 1993 to 1996 as ministry labour and social affairs. By March 2004 he served instead as deputy for Córdoba in the Parliament of Andalusia.

The president of the Congress of Deputies (Spanish: Presidente del Congreso de los Diputados) is the speaker of the Congress of Deputies, the lower house of the Cortes Generales (the Spanish parliament). The president is elected among the members of the Congress and it is, after the king and the prime minister, the highest authority in the Kingdom of Spain.

Although it share the representation of the Cortes Generales with the president of the Senate, the constitutional functions that are granted to the office in terms of royal countersigning and the election process of the head of government, make the president of the Congress the de facto leader of the legislative branch. This position is also reinforced by having Spain an asymmetric bicameralism that gives greater prominence to the lower house

The current office was established by the Spanish Constitution of 1978, however, the position has a tradition of more than 200 years, since its creation in 1810 as President of the Cortes of Cadiz.

The current president, of the 14th Cortes Generales (101st since the Cortes of Cadiz) is Meritxell Batet, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party who represents the electoral district of Barcelona.



José Manuel Soria López (born 5 January 1958) is a Spanish politician and businessman. He was involved in the regional politics of the Canary Islands before being elected to the national congress and serving as Spain's minister of industry, energy and tourism from 2011 to 2016. He was forced to resign in April 2016 after being linked with offshore companies in the Panama Papers.

Soria was born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria in 1958.[1] He holds a graduate degree in economics and business studies.[1]

Soria was a market analyst for Venezuela and the Caribbean at the Spanish Embassy in Venezuela from 1980 to 1981.[2] He then served as the head of the imports service at the ministry of trade in 1984.[2] He was lecturer of macro economics and international economics at the Centre for Trade Studies in Madrid from 1984 to 1989.[1] He also served as the head of foreign trade at the ministry of trade in 1985, advisor to the minister of finance from 1986 to 1987 and chief of staff of the general secretariat of commerce from 1988 to 1989.[2]

The Rajoy II Government was formed on 4 November 2016 following Mariano Rajoy's election as Prime Minister of Spain by the Congress of Deputies on 29 October and his swearing-in on 31 October, as a result of the People's Party (PP) emerging as the largest parliamentary force at the 2016 Spanish general election.[1][2][3] Rajoy's second government was composed mainly by members of the PP, as well as a number of independents.[4][5] It succeeded the first Rajoy government and was the Government of Spain from 4 November 2016 to 7 June 2018, a total of 580 days, or 1 year, 7 months and 3 days.

The government was dismissed on 1 June 2018 when a motion of no confidence against Rajoy succeeded, but remained in acting capacity until Pedro Sánchez's government was sworn in.[6][7][8]

The only cabinet change of Rajoy's second government took place on 8 March 2018, when Luis de Guindos stepped down as Minister of Economy, Industry and Competitiveness in order to become Vice President of the European Central Bank. He was succeeded by Román Escolano.[10]

The Council of Ministers was structured into the offices for the prime minister, the deputy prime minister, 13 ministries and the post of the spokesperson of the Government.[11][12]



Jorge Fernández Díaz (born 6 April 1950) is a Spanish politician and a member of the Partido Popular (PP).[1]

Born on 6 April 1950 in Valladolid, he was the son of a military officer and Deputy Inspector-Chief of the Barcelona's Urban Guard in Francoist Spain,[2] and the second of ten children.[3] He moved to Barcelona at the age of 3 and studied industrial engineering at the Technical University College of Barcelona.[4] He is the brother of Alberto Fernández Díaz, a former PP leader in Catalonia.[5] Jorge holds an industrial engineering degree.[4] He was the chairman of the Catalan PP from 1989 to 1991 and under-minister from 1996 to 2004. He is also a member of Opus Dei.[6]

Díaz started his career working as an engineer and civil servant.[4] He is a member of the People's Party and has been a member of the Spanish parliament since 1989.[5] In 1983, he became the elected leader of Alianza Popular's Barcelona regional branch.[4] The following year Díaz began to serve as a deputy in the Catalan Parliament for Alianza Popular.[4] From 1986 to 1989 he was also a senator.[4] In 1988 he was again elected to the Catalan Parliament, but for the newly founded People's Party.[4] In 1989 he left regional political offices and he was elected to the congress of deputies as a representative of Barcelona in the 1989 general elections.[4] He served as secretary of state in all cabinets headed by José María Aznar.[5] From 2008 to 2011 he was one of the vice presidents of congress.[4] He was the top candidate on the party's Barcelona list in the November 2011 general election.[5]



The First Deputy Prime Minister of Spain, officially First Vice President of the Government of Spain, (Spanish: Vicepresidente Primero del Gobierno de España) is the second in command to the Prime Minister of Spain, assuming its duties when the Prime Minister is absent or incapable of exercising power.

The person for the post is usually handpicked by the Prime Minister from the members of the Cabinet and appointed by the Monarch before whom it takes oath. When there are more than one Deputy Prime Minister, they are typically called First Deputy Prime Minister, Second Deputy Prime Minister, etc, though alternative names have also been used (i.e. Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs, Deputy Prime Minister for Territorial Policy, etc.). The Headquarters of the Deputy Prime Minister's Office is the Semillas Building, in La Moncloa Complex.

The office of Deputy Prime Minister, like the premiership, dates back to the 19th century. A part of the doctrine considers that the creation of the office was in 1925, after the dictator Miguel Primo de Rivera ended with the military government and establish a civil government. However, the historical evidences[2][3] prove that between 1840 and 1841 the office already existed under the name of Vice President of the Council of Ministers, holding this position the future prime minister Joaquín María Ferrer. After Deputy Prime Minister Ferrer, the office was not used again or was collected by any Constitution or subsequent law until the 20th century.



Alberto Núñez Feijóo (Spanish pronunciation: [alˈβeɾto ˈnuɲeθ fejˈxoo]; Galician pronunciation: [aːlˈβeɾtʊ ˈnuɲeθ fejˈʃoʊ]) born 10 September 1961)[1] is the 7th and current President of the Regional Government of Galicia.

Núñez Feijóo became president in April 2009 following the regional parliamentary elections held in Galicia the previous month.

He was officially named President of the Regional Government by Royal Decree (Real Decreto 630/2009), issued by King Juan Carlos I, on 17 April 2009.[2]

Miquel Iceta i Llorens (born 17 August 1960) is a Spanish politician and member of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia, currently First Secretary of the PSC since 2014. He's one of the first openly gay politicians from Spain.[1] He has been a member of the 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th terms of the Parliament of Catalonia. He also was member of the 6th Congress of Deputies, representing Barcelona.[2]

Born on 17 August 1960 in Barcelona, he began studying chemistry but abandoned his studies and focused on politics, combining this activity with his studies in economics at the Autonomous University of Barcelona (UAB), which he was unable to complete. He joined the Partido Socialista Popular de Cataluña in September 1977,[3] a year later, in 1978, he joined the Juventud Socialista de Cataluña and the Partido de los Socialistas de Cataluña (PSC).[3][4]

Elected in the 1987 municipal elections, he served as a councillor in the Cornellá de Llobregat Town Hall from 1987 to 1991. A politician trusted by Narcís Serra,[5] the latter, Vice-President of the Government, appointed him Director of the Analysis Department of the Cabinet of the Presidency of the Government,[6] a responsibility he held from 1991 to 1995, when he became Deputy Director of the Cabinet.[7]

Included as a candidate in number 7 of the list of the Party of the Socialists of Catalonia (PSC-PSOE) to the Congress of Deputies for Barcelona in the general elections of 1996,[8] he was elected deputy for the sixth legislature. Miquel Iceta publicly declared his homosexuality in October 1999, during the campaign for the elections to the Parliament of Catalonia in 1999; he was then considered the first Spanish politician to do so.[7] Elected as a regional deputy in the October 1999 elections, his resignation from the Congress of Deputies became effective on November 2, 1999.

The Rajoy I Government was formed on 22 December 2011 following Mariano Rajoy's election as Prime Minister of Spain by the Congress of Deputies on 20 December and his swearing-in on 21 December, as a result of the People's Party (PP) emerging as the largest parliamentary force at the 2011 Spanish general election.[1][2] Rajoy's first cabinet was composed mainly by members of the PP, as well as a number of independents.[3][4][5] It succeeded the second Zapatero government and was the Government of Spain from 22 December 2011 to 4 November 2016, a total of 1,779 days, or 4 years, 10 months and 13 days.

The government was automatically dismissed on 21 December 2015 as a consequence of the 2015 general election, but remained in acting capacity until the next government was sworn in.[6][7]

Rajoy's first government saw a number of cabinet changes during its tenure:

From 21 December 2015, Rajoy's cabinet took on acting duties for the duration of the government formation process resulting from the 2015 general election. This lasted for 315 days and saw a new general election being held in the meantime. A number of ministers renounced their posts throughout this period, with the ordinary discharge of duties of their ministries being transferred to other cabinet members as a result of Rajoy being unable to appoint replacements while in acting role.

Elena Salgado Méndez (Spanish pronunciation: [eˈlena salˈɣaðo ˈmendeθ]) (born 12 May 1949 in Ourense, Galicia, Spain) is a Spanish politician.

Salgado is a graduate of industrial engineering.[1] She has a  master's degree in business administration.[2]

From 1996 until 1997, Salgado briefly served as manager of the Teatro Real in Madrid.[3]

Salgado served as the health minister (2004-2007) and minister for public administration (2007-2009). Despite her Galician origin she has been a deputy for Cantabria province since the 2008 election.[4]



María Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría Antón (born 10 June 1971) is a Spanish politician of the People's Party who served as Deputy Prime Minister of Spain and Minister of the Presidency from 2011 to 2018. She was member of the Congress of Deputies representing Madrid from 2004 until 2018.

Born in Valladolid in 1971, Sáenz de Santamaría grew up as the only child of  Pedro Sáenz de Santamaría and Petra Antón.[1]

She studied law at university and she got a Licentiate Degree in Law in University of Valladolid in 1994, achieving rank 1 in her promotion, awarded top honors, with  an academic record full of Honours and she obtained the Extraordinary Prize of Degree. After passing a "competitive public examination" (oposiciones), she joined the State Lawyers Corps (an elite body of civil servants).



Felipe González Márquez (Spanish pronunciation: [feˈlipe ɣonˈθaleθ ˈmaɾkeθ], born 5 March 1942) is a Spanish lawyer, professor, and politician, who was the Secretary-General of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) from 1974 to 1997, and the 3rd Prime Minister of Spain since the restoration of democracy, from 1982 to 1996. To date, he remains the longest-serving Prime Minister of Spain to be freely elected.

González joined the PSOE in 1964, when it was banned under the Francoist regime. He obtained a law degree from the University of Seville in 1965. In 1974, the PSOE elected González as its Secretary-General after a split in its 26th Congress. After Franco's death and the beginning of the Spanish transition to democracy, González obtained a seat in the Congress of Deputies after he led the PSOE candidacy in the 1977 general election, but lost to Adolfo Suárez.

After the PSOE victory in the 1982 general election, González formed his first majority government, backed by 202 out of the 350 deputies at the Congress of Deputies, and led the Government of Spain for thirteen and a half years after three additional victories in the 1986, 1989 and 1993 general elections. In 1996, González lost the election to José María Aznar and the People's Party and was elected to the Congress of Deputies for the last time in the 2000 general election, from Seville.

Ramón Jáuregui Atondo (born 1948) is a Spanish politician. A member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), he served as Minister of the Presidency (2010–2011) during the Second Zapatero Government. He also was member of the European Parliament in two separate spells (2009–2010 and 2014–2019).

He served as Vice-Lehendakari of the Basque Government from 1987 to 1991.[1]

Jáuregui first served as Member of the European Parliament from 2009 until 2010. During that brief period, he was the Parliament's rapporteur on the European Union's accession to the European Convention on Human Rights.[2]

From 2014 until 2019, Jáuregui served as chair of the Delegation to the Euro-Latin American Parliamentary Assembly[3] and as member of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs. In 2016, he also joined the Parliament's Committee of Inquiry into Money Laundering, Tax Avoidance and Tax Evasion (PANA) that is to investigate the Panama Papers revelations and tax avoidance schemes more broadly.

María Dolores Cospedal García (born 13 December 1965) is a Spanish politician. A member of the People's Party (PP), she served as President of Castile-La Mancha from 2011 to 2015 and as Minister of Defence of the Government of Spain from 2016 to 2018. She also was the PP's Secretary-General, second to party president Mariano Rajoy, from 2008 to 2018.

Born on 13 December 1965 in Madrid,[2] Cospedal was however chiefly raised in Albacete,[3] studying in the later city's Colegio La Anunciata de Nuestra Señora del Rosario and in the Sabuco High School.[4][5] She moved to Madrid to go to college[5] and, after earning a licentiate degree in Law at the CEU San Pablo University,[6] she passed the competitive public examinations to join the State Lawyers Corps in 1991, serving in this body of top civil servants until 1996.[7][8]

Cospedal married aristocrat José Félix Valdivieso-González y Bravo de la Laguna in 1995; the marriage ended three years later, in 1998, when it was nullified by the Church.[9][10] At a certain point she started calling herself "de Cospedal" in public which sounded more aristocratic but more recently she reverted to plain "Cospedal".[11][12][13]

She affiliated to the People's Party (PP) in 1999.[14]

Jaume Matas i Palou (born 5 October 1956 in Palma, Majorca) is a Spanish politician. He was President of the Balearic Islands from  1996 to 1999 and from 2003 to 2007. In March 2012 Matas was sentenced to six years imprisonment for fraud.[1]

Daniel Sirera Bellés (born 30 July 1967 in Badalona) is a Spanish politician. He served as the chairman of the People's Party in Catalonia (PPC) from 2007–2008.[1][2]

He is currently a deputy in the Parliament of Catalonia for the constituency of Barcelona and is the leader of the PPC's parliamentary group. Between 2007 and 2008, Sirera was Senator.

Sirera, who was born in Badalona, is a law graduate of the University of Barcelona.

He is a former columnist for Libertad Digital.



José María Alfredo Aznar López (Spanish pronunciation: [xoˈse maˈɾi.a alˈfɾeðo aθˈnaɾ ˈlopeθ] (listen); born 25 February 1953) is a Spanish politician who served as the Prime Minister of Spain from 1996 to 2004. He led the People's Party (PP), the dominant right-of-centre party in the country at the time.

A member of the Frente de Estudiantes Sindicalistas, a student organization in which a 16-years-old Aznar espoused an independent brand of Falangism, he obtained a law degree from the Complutense University of Madrid and his first job was in the public sector, specifically, as an Inspector of the Finances of the State (Spanish: Inspector de las Finanzas del Estado). He joined the Popular Alliance, which was re-founded as the People's Party in 1989. He led the Junta of Castile and León from 1987 to 1989 and was Leader of the Opposition at the national level from 1989 to 1996. In 1995, he survived an assassination attempt from the Basque separatist group ETA.

The People's Party, led by Aznar, won the most parliamentary seats at the 1996 general election, but he failed to obtain a majority in the Congress of Deputies, which forced the PP to seek the support of Basque (EAJ-PNV), Catalan (CiU) and Canarian (CC) regionalists. He was finally invested Prime Minister on 4 May 1996, and his first term was marked by the market liberalization, deregulation of the economy, cut state expenses and privatized several state-owned companies. During his first term, the economy grew and Spain met the criteria to participate in the creation of the eurozone, but unemployment remained moderately high. Some relevant events in Aznar's first term were the assassination of PP politician Miguel Ángel Blanco by ETA. Aznar attempted to negotiate with ETA between 1998 and 1999, but the parties did not reach an agreement and violence continued.

The Ministry of Housing[1] (MIVIV) was a department of the Government of Spain responsible for proposing and carrying out the government policy on public housing and urbanism.

This ministry existed in two different periods. The first one was during the dictatorship of Franco and the Spanish transition to democracy (1957-1977) and the second one during the democratic period, from 2004 to 2010, when Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero announced that the Ministry of Housing would be eliminated.[2]

Its head office was in Madrid.[3]



José Montilla Aguilera (born 15 January 1955 in Iznájar, Córdoba, Spain) is a Spanish politician who is currently a member of the Spanish Senate.[1]  He was the 128th President of Generalitat de Catalunya. He became the First Secretary of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia on 18 June 2000, and a member of the Federal Executive Committee and the Federal Committee of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) on 23 July 2000. He served as Minister of Industry, Tourism and Trade in the government of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero from 18 April 2004 until 9 September 2006. He is married and has five children. On 29 November 2010 he announced he would not stand again for the post of First Secretary of the PSC due to his party's having obtained its worst-ever results in the 2010 election.

At the age of sixteen, he moved from his native Andalusia to Catalonia and settled in Sant Joan Despí.

His higher education began with vocational training, but later he studied Law for one year and Economics for two years at the University of Barcelona. He himself has said that he gave up his university career as he was working and studying at the same time.

Francisco Enrique Camps Ortiz (born 28 August 1962) is a Spanish politician belonging to the Partido Popular (PP).  He served as President of the Valencian Government, the Valencian regional administration, in the period 2003–2011, and is still a member of the Corts Valencianes, the Valencian regional parliament.

A lawyer, Mr Camps is married with three children. He was first elected as a local councillor to Valencia city council, serving from 1991 to 1996, occupying the Presidency of the municipal transport body during that period. In 1996 he was elected to the Spanish Congress, representing Valencia province serving as Secretary of State for Territorial Administrations. However he resigned from the Congress 11 months later in February 1997, after being named as Minister for Culture and Education in the Generalitat Valenciana, retaining that post until January 1999. At the 2000 General Election, he returned to the Spanish Congress but again resigned in 2002 in order to run for President of the Valencian Government.

In July 2003 he was elected president, being re-elected with absolute majorities in 2007 and 2011.[1] During his administration he attracted the European Grand Prix auto race and the America's Cup yacht race.
He continued to serve as president until his resignation in 2011.

In February 2009 Camps was implicated in a scandal known as the Gürtel Case (Caso Gürtel) relating to an alleged criminal network controlled by businessman Francisco Correa.[2] ("Gürtel" is the German translation for the businessman's surname, Correa/belt).[3]

José Bono Martínez (born December 14, 1950) is a Spanish  politician, born in Salobre, Albacete. A member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), he was the President of the Congress of Deputies during the 9th Legislature. Before that, he was the Minister of Defence of Spain from April 18, 2004, in the Government chaired by José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero. He left his ministerial post on April 7, 2006, and was replaced by former Minister of Interior, José Antonio Alonso. Bono had previously served as President of the Autonomous Community of Castile-La Mancha from June 6, 1983 to April 17, 2004. During his period as a member of the Government, José Bono was involved in certain controversial events, some of them regarding his role as Minister of Defence (e.g. the controversy created by the public declarations of Lt. General José Mena Aguado about the 1978 Spanish Constitution, defending the possibility of an intervention of the armed forces to maintain the territorial integrity of Spain), and others regarding his membership of the Socialist Workers' Party, the most significant of them being the detention of two members of the Popular Party (PP) who were participating with him in a popular demonstration, after they had allegedly attempted to assault him. He was elected President of the Congress of Deputies on April 1, 2008.[1][2]



Cristóbal Ricardo Montoro Romero (born 28 July 1950 in Cambil) is a Spanish politician. Hs is a member of the Spanish People's Party. He served as Minister of Finance and Public Administrations of Spain from 22 December 2011 until 1 June 2018, when a vote of no-confidence against Mariano Rajoy ousted his government.[1] His ministry was re-structured in 2016 and the responsibilities of Public Administration were given to the vice president. The office was renamed Minister of Finance and Civil Service.

He was a Member of the European Parliament for the People's Party, part of the European People's Party, and sat on the European Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs. He has represented Madrid in the Spanish Congress since 1993.

He was a substitute for the Committee on Budgets, a member of the Delegation for relations with the countries of the Andean Community and a substitute for the Delegation to the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly.

He was appointed Minister of Finance by José María Aznar in April 2000, but he had to abandon the post in April 2004 when his party lost the elections.

Manuel Chaves González (born 7 July 1945 in Ceuta) is a Spanish politician of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).[1] Since 2009 he has served as the Third Vice President of the Spanish Government, until 2011, and between 2000 and 2012 as the Chairman of PSOE. From 1990 to 2009 he was the President of the Regional Government of Andalusia.[2][3]
He is a trustee of the Fundacion IDEAS, Spain's Socialist Party's think tank. On 17 February 2015, together with former President of Andalusia, José Antonio Griñán, was implicated in the ERE case, a huge corruption scandal in the region.

Chaves entered national politics in 1977 when he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies, representing Cádiz serving in Congress until 1990.[1]

Manuel served as the Minister of Work and National Health Service (Seguridad Social) of Spain between 1986 and 1990, under Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez.

In 1988, he suffered a general strike (first in the current Spanish democracy) call by, among others, the UGT and CCOO due to a proposed law change.



Mariano Rajoy Brey (Spanish: [maˈɾjano raˈxoj]; born 27 March 1955) is a Spanish politician who served as Prime Minister of Spain from 2011 to 2018, when a vote of no confidence ousted his government.[1][2] On 5 June 2018, he announced his resignation as People's Party leader.[3][4]

He became Leader of the People's Party in 2004 and Prime Minister in 2011 following the People's Party landslide victory in that year's general election becoming the sixth President of the Spanish Government.[5] The party lost its majority in the 2015 general election, but after that election ended in deadlock, a second election in 2016 enabled Rajoy to be reelected Prime Minister as head of a minority government. Rajoy was a Minister under the José María Aznar administration, occupying different leading roles in different Ministries between 1996 and 2003, and he also was the Deputy Prime Minister between 2000 and 2003. He was the Leader of the Opposition between 2004 and 2011 under José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero's government.

Rajoy's first term was heavily marked by the Spanish financial crisis and oversaw a major restructuring of the Spanish financial system as well as a major labour reform. The financial crisis peaked with a bailout of the Spanish banking system in June 2012. Unemployment in Spain peaked at 27% in 2012, which led to an initial drop of the People's Party in the polls, which was aggravated by the revelations of a series of corruption cases that seriously damaged the party's reputation. This, among other factors, led to a profound shift in the Spanish party system, with the rise of new political parties from the left and the right: Podemos and Citizens.

ESADE Business School is a college and graduate school located in Barcelona, Spain. It is part of ESADE (Catalan: Escola Superior d'Administració i Direcció d'Empreses, Spanish: Escuela Superior de Administración y Dirección de Empresas) and associated with Ramon Llull University. ESADE has been awarded the triple accreditation by EQUIS, AACSB and AMBA, and is ranked among the world's top business schools and programs by the Financial Times, The Economist, Forbes, QS World University Rankings and more.[2]

The ESADE project was conceived in the spring of 1954 by a group of Spanish professionals and entrepreneurs who later founded the university. The school signed an agreement with the Jesuits (Societas Iesu) in October 1958 and started offering its first academic programs in a small building in the district of Sant Gervasi, Barcelona.[2] In 1958, ESADE was ultimately founded. Two years later, in 1960, executive education programmes were introduced. In 1964 the college's MBA programme was established. A year later, in 1965, ESADE's Barcelona campus (Av. Pedralbes) opened (Building I). In 2001, the school inaugurated its campus in Madrid (Chamartín), and two years later its campus in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Both are primarily used for Executive Education. In 2009 ESADE opened a new campus in Sant Cugat (Barcelona) as well as ESADE Creapolis, a technology park based on open innovation and situated on the new  Sant Cugat campus.[2]

ESADE Business School offers a range of undergraduate and graduate degrees, as well as a doctoral program.

The ESADE Business School offers an accelerated, customizable full-time MBA programme. Students can choose among a 12, 15 and 18-month track.[3] The 12-month program is completed with classes from September to September, while the 15- and 18-month programs allow for either summer internships, exchanges with other MBA programmes worldwide, or both. In the first eight months students are divided into three sections, with whom they complete a significant portion of their studies in a team format. In the remaining terms, classes are completed on an elective basis. The student body is highly international, with 95% international students who represent 48 nationalities.[4]



Ronaldo de Assis Moreira (born 21 March 1980), commonly known as Ronaldinho Gaúcho (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁonawˈdʒĩɲu gaˈuʃu]) or simply Ronaldinho,[note 1] is a Brazilian former professional footballer and ambassador for Barcelona.[4] He played mostly as an attacking midfielder, but was also deployed as a forward or a winger. He played the bulk of his career at European clubs Paris Saint-Germain, Barcelona and A.C. Milan as well as playing for the Brazilian national team. Often considered one of the best players of his generation and regarded by many as one of the greatest of all time,[note 2] Ronaldinho won two FIFA World Player of the Year awards and a Ballon d'Or. He was renowned for his technical skills and creativity; due to his agility, pace and
dribbling ability, as well as his use of tricks, feints, overhead kicks, no-look passes and accuracy from free-kicks.

Ronaldinho made his career debut for Grêmio, in 1998. At age 20, he moved to Paris Saint-Germain in France before signing for Barcelona in 2003. In his second season with Barcelona, he won his first FIFA World Player of the Year award, as Barcelona won La Liga. The season that followed is considered one of the best in his career as he was instrumental in Barcelona winning the UEFA Champions League, their first in fourteen years, as well as another La Liga title, giving Ronaldinho his first career double. After scoring two spectacular solo goals in El Clásico, Ronaldinho became the second Barcelona player, after Diego Maradona in 1983, to receive a standing ovation from Real Madrid fans at the Santiago Bernabéu. Ronaldinho also received his second FIFA World Player of the Year award, as well as the Ballon d'Or.

Following a second-place La Liga finish to rivals Real Madrid in the 2006–07 season and an injury plagued 2007–08 season, Ronaldinho departed Barcelona to join Milan. He then returned to Brazil to play for Flamengo in 2011 and Atlético Mineiro a year later where he won  the Copa Libertadores, before moving to Mexico to play for Querétaro and then back to Brazil to play for Fluminense in 2015. Ronaldinho accumulated numerous other individual awards in his career. He was included in the UEFA Team of the Year and the FIFA World XI three times, named UEFA Club Footballer of the Year in 2006 and the South American Footballer of the Year in 2013, and was named in the FIFA 100, a list of the world's greatest living players compiled by Pelé.





Ronaldo Luís Nazário de Lima (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁoˈnawdu ˈlwis nɐˈzaɾju dʒi ˈɫĩmɐ]; born 18 September 1976),[2] commonly known as Ronaldo, is a Brazilian owner and president of La Liga club Real Valladolid and a retired professional footballer who played as a striker. Popularly dubbed "O Fenômeno" (The Phenomenon), in Portuguese,[3] he is widely considered one of the greatest players of all time. As a multi-functional striker who brought a new dimension to the position, he has been the influence for a generation of strikers that have followed. Ronaldo won three FIFA World Player of the Year awards, two Ballon d'Or awards, a UEFA Club Footballer of the Year, a UEFA Club Best Forward and a European Golden Shoe.

Ronaldo started his career at Cruzeiro and moved to PSV in 1994, where he won the 1996 FIFA World Player of the Year award at 20 years old, making him the youngest FIFA World Player of the Year winner. He joined Barcelona the next season for a then world record fee and won the 1997 Ballon d'Or, making him the youngest Ballon d'Or winner, as well as the 1997 FIFA World Player of the Year. In 1997, Inter Milan broke the world record fee to sign Ronaldo, making him only the second player, after Diego Maradona, to break the world transfer record twice. By age 23, Ronaldo had scored over 200 goals for club and country, however after a series of knee injuries and recuperation he was inactive for almost three years. Ronaldo joined Real Madrid in 2002 and won the 2002–03 La Liga title. He had spells at A.C. Milan and Corinthians before retiring in 2011 having suffered further injuries.





Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior (Brazilian Portuguese: [nejˈmaʁ dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈsɐ̃tus ˈʒũɲoʁ]; born 5 February 1992), commonly known as Neymar Jr. or simply Neymar, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team. He is widely considered as one of the best players in the world.

Neymar came into prominence at Santos, where he made his professional debut aged 17. He helped the club win two successive Campeonato Paulista championships, a Copa do Brasil, and the 2011 Copa Libertadores; the latter being Santos' first since 1963. Neymar was twice named the South American Footballer of the Year, in 2011 and 2012, and soon relocated to Europe to join Barcelona. As part of Barça's attacking trio with Lionel Messi and Luis Suárez, he won the continental treble of La Liga, the Copa del Rey, and the UEFA Champions League, and finished third for the FIFA Ballon d'Or in 2015 for his performances. He then attained a domestic double in the 2015–16 season. In 2017, Neymar transferred from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain in a move worth €222 million, making him the most expensive player ever.[note 1] In France, Neymar won three league titles, a Coupe de France, and a Coupe de la Ligue, which included a domestic treble and being voted Ligue 1 Player of the Year, in his debut season.[9] Neymar's second season with PSG was injury-riddled and marked by controversies.[10][11]



Rivaldo Vítor Barbosa Ferreira (born 19 April 1972), known as Rivaldo (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁiˈvawdu]), is a Brazilian former professional footballer. He played mainly as an attacking midfielder but also as a second striker. Often considered one of the best players of his generation, Rivaldo is also regarded as one of the greatest of all time.[1][2] Labelled a "bandy-legged genius" by The Guardian (due to being bowlegged), although he was predominantly left footed he was capable of playing on either flank, and was on occasion deployed as a wide midfielder or as a winger.[1][2]

Rivaldo spent five years with Spanish club Barcelona, where he formed a successful partnership with Patrick Kluivert, and won the 1998 and 1999 Spanish La Liga championship and the 1998 Copa del Rey. With 130 goals for Barcelona he is the club's ninth highest goalscorer.[3] His three goals against Valencia in June 2001 which qualified Barcelona for the Champions League, the last goal of which was a last minute 20-yard bicycle kick winner, is often ranked the greatest hat-trick ever.[1][4][5]

From 1993 and 2003, Rivaldo played 74 matches and scored 35 goals for Brazil and is the seventh highest goalscorer.[6] He helped Brazil reach the final of the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and won the 1999 Copa América where he was named player of the tournament. Rivaldo starred alongside Ronaldo and Ronaldinho in the 2002 FIFA World Cup winning team. Scoring in five of Brazil’s seven games at the tournament (including a feint that set up Ronaldo for the second goal in the final), Rivaldo was named in the FIFA World Cup All-Star Team in 2002 having also previously been selected in 1998.



Antônio Augusto Ribeiro Reis Júnior (born 30 January 1975), commonly known as Juninho  or Juninho Pernambucano,[note 1] is a Brazilian former footballer, who is currently sporting director of Olympique Lyonnais. Noted for his bending free kicks, he is widely considered to be the greatest free kick-taker of all time and holds the record for the highest number of goals scored through free kicks with 75.[4][5][6]

Juninho began his professional career in 1993 with Brazilian club Sport do Recife. Two years later he joined Vasco da Gama where he played over 100 matches and won six titles. In 2001, he joined Ligue 1 side Olympique Lyonnais where he played for the next eight years, winning seven consecutive league titles and scoring 100 goals in 350 official appearances for the club.[7] Following his departure from Lyon in 2009, Juninho played in Qatar with Al-Gharafa and in the United States with New York Red Bulls. The latter stint was wedged between two spells back at Vasco, where he ultimately retired in 2013.

Having made his international debut in 1999, Juninho played 40 games for the Brazilian national team and scored six goals. He represented Brazil at the 2001 Copa América and was part of the squad which won the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup before retiring from international football after the 2006 World Cup.



Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite (Brazilian Portuguese: [hiˈkaɾdu iˈzɛksõ duˈsɐ̃tus ˈlejt͡ʃi]; born 22 April 1982), commonly known as Kaká (Portuguese: [kaˈka] (listen)) or Ricardo Kaká,[3][4] is a Brazilian retired professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. Owing to his performances as a playmaker at Milan, Kaká is widely considered one of the best players of his generation.[5][6][7] With success at club and international level, he is one of eight players to have won the FIFA World Cup, the UEFA Champions League and the Ballon d'Or.[8]

Kaká made his professional club debut at age 18 at São Paulo in Brazil in 2001. After being named to the Bola de Ouro as the best player in the 2002 Campeonato Brasileiro, he joined Serie A club Milan for a fee of €8.5 million in 2003. In Italy, Kaká won a league title and was named the Serie A Footballer of the Year twice. In 2005, Milan finished runners up in the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final with Kaká as the top assist provider of the tournament, and named the UEFA Club Midfielder of the Year. Two years later, he led Milan to win the 2007 UEFA Champions League Final and was the tournament's top goal scorer. Kaká's pace, creative passing, goal scoring and dribbles from midfield saw him win the FIFA World Player of the Year, the Ballon d'Or, the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year and the IFFHS World's Best Playmaker awards.

After his success with Milan, Kaká joined Real Madrid for a transfer fee of €67 million.[9] At the time, this was the second highest transfer fee (in euros) ever, behind only the €77.5 million (150 billion lire) fee for Zinedine Zidane. However, after four injury ravaged seasons in Spain, which saw his physical ability to dribble from midfield rapidly decline, he returned to Milan for a single season in 2013, prior to joining MLS expansion club Orlando City. He initially returned to his former club São Paulo on loan, before relocating to the United States in 2015, where he became a three time All-Star and won an MLS All-Star Game Most Valuable Player award prior to retiring in 2017.





Zinedine Yazid Zidane (French pronunciation: ​[zinedin jazid zidan]; born 23 June 1972), popularly known in French as Zizou (pronounced [zizu]), is a French former professional football player who played as an attacking midfielder. He is the current manager of La Liga club Real Madrid. Widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time,[4][5][6] Zidane was an elite playmaker renowned for his elegance, vision, passing, ball control, and technique.[7][8] He received many individual accolades as a player, including being named FIFA World Player of the Year in 1998, 2000 and 2003, and won the 1998 Ballon d'Or. He was voted Ligue 1 Player of the Year in 1996, Serie A Footballer of the Year in 2001, and La Liga Best Foreign Player in 2002.

Zidane started his career at Cannes before establishing himself as one the best players in the French Division 1 at Bordeaux. In 1996, he moved to Juventus where he won trophies including two Serie A titles. He moved to Real Madrid for a world record fee at the time of €77.5 million in 2001, which remained unmatched for the next eight years. In Spain, Zidane won several trophies, including a La Liga title and the UEFA Champions League. In the 2002 UEFA Champions League Final, he scored a left-foot volleyed winner which is considered to be one of the greatest goals in the competition's history.[9]



Robson de Souza (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈʁɔpsõ] or [ˈʁɔbisõ d(ʒi) ˈsowzɐ], born 25 January 1984), more commonly known as Robinho (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁɔˈbĩɲu]), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir.[1]

In 1999, at 15 years of age, Robinho was picked by Brazil legend Pelé as his heir apparent[2] and, in 2002, went on to lead Santos FC to their first Campeonato Brasileiro title since Pelé himself played for the club.[3] Since then, he has won a second title with Santos and two more with Spanish club Real Madrid. He won the Italian Serie A title in his first season at Milan. Robinho has won one Copa América title and two FIFA Confederations Cups with the Brazilian national team, and played at two FIFA World Cups.

In November 2017, an Italian court convicted Robinho of sexual assault in the January 2013 gang rape of a 22-year-old Albanian woman at a Milan nightclub.[4]



Ricardo Luis Pozzi Rodrigues (born May 23, 1976 in São Paulo, Brazil), better known as Ricardinho, is a Brazilian football manager and former player. He usually played as a deep-lying playmaker in midfield, and was best known for his accurate passing and technique.

Ricardinho has earned 23 caps for the Brazilian national team, the first on March 28, 2000 in a match against Colombia. He was called up by Luiz Felipe Scolari for the 2002 FIFA World Cup as a late replacement for Emerson who was injured before the tournament began. He appeared three matches as a substitute during the tournament as Brazil won the World Cup for the record fifth time.

On August 17, 2005, he scored his first international goal in a friendly match against Croatia, an equalizer in the 41st minute as Brazil drew 1–1 with Croatia.



Paul Scholes (/skoʊlz/ SKOHLZ; born 16 November 1974) is an English football coach and former player, as well as a co-owner of Salford City. He spent his entire professional playing career with Manchester United, for whom he scored over 150 goals in more than 700 appearances between 1993 and 2013. His first managerial position was at Oldham Athletic, for 31 days in February and March 2019.

Scholes came through the Manchester United youth academy as one of Fergie's Fledglings (a group of players recruited by Manchester United under the management of Sir Alex Ferguson). Scholes made his full debut for Manchester United in the 1994–95 season. He went on to make 718 appearances for United, the third-highest number of appearances by any player for the club. Scholes announced his retirement from playing in May 2011 and was appointed as a coach at Manchester United. However, he returned to playing in January 2012, and went on to play one more season for the club before retiring again in May 2013.[3][4] With United, Scholes won 25 trophies including 11 Premier League titles (more than any other English player) and two UEFA Champions League titles.[5][6][7]

Scholes represented the England national team from 1997 to 2004, gaining 66 caps and participating in the 1998 and 2002 World Cups, as well as the UEFA Euro 2000 and Euro 2004 tournaments. Scholes announced his retirement from international football in August 2004, citing his family life and his club career with Manchester United as being more important.[8]



Roberto Carlos da Silva Rocha (born 10 April 1973), more commonly known as Roberto Carlos, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who now works as a football ambassador.[3] He started his career in Brazil as a forward but spent most of his career as a left back and has been described as the "most offensive-minded left-back in the history of the game".[4] Carlos is also widely considered one of the best left backs in history, and was also known as a set piece specialist throughout his career.[5][6] In 1997, he was runner-up in the FIFA World Player of the Year. He was chosen on the FIFA World Cup Dream Team, and in 2004 was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.[7][8]

At club level, he joined Real Madrid in 1996 where he spent 11 highly successful seasons, playing 584 matches in all competitions and scoring 71 goals. At Real, he won four La Liga titles and the UEFA Champions League three times. In April 2013, he was named by Marca as a member of the "Best Foreign Eleven in Real Madrid's History".[9] In August 2012, he announced his retirement from football at the age of 39.[10]

Roberto Carlos started playing for the Brazil national team in 1992. He played in three World Cups, helping the team reach the final in 1998 in France, and win the 2002 tournament in Korea/Japan. He was named in the FIFA World Cup All-Star Team in 1998 and 2002. With 125 caps he has made the second most appearances for his national team.[11]



Adriano Leite Ribeiro (born February 17, 1982), commonly known simply as Adriano, is a  Brazilian former professional footballer. A powerful striker known for his long range left footed strikes, Adriano's career was however marked by inconsistency.[1] One of the best strikers in the world in the mid 2000s, he had five prolific seasons in Italy with Parma and Inter Milan, earning the nickname L'Imperatore (the Emperor), before a decline in his performances which coincided with the death of his father.[2][3] Adriano won four Scudetti for Inter Milan, and after moving back to his native Brazil he won two Brasileirão for Flamengo and Corinthians.

Making his Brazil debut at 18, Adriano was considered the long-term successor to Ronaldo. In the absence of Ronaldo he led Brazil to the 2004 Copa América, receiving the Golden Boot as the competition's leading scorer with seven goals. He also won the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup with Brazil, receiving the Golden Boot Award as the competition's leading scorer with five goals. Prior to the 2006 World Cup he was part of Brazil's much-vaunted "magic quartet" of offensive players alongside Ronaldo, Ronaldinho and Kaká, which ultimately wasn't successful at the finals.[4]

Adriano started his career in 1999 on Flamengo's youth squad and earned promotion to the senior squad one year later. He made his team debut on 2 February 2000, a Torneio Rio-São Paulo match against Botafogo. He scored a goal against São Paulo in the same competition 4 days later.[5]



José Kléberson Pereira (born 19 June 1979), commonly known as José Kléberson or simply Kléberson, is a Brazilian former footballer who last played as a midfielder for the American club Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League and current coach at the Philadelphia Union Academy. He played for Brazil 32 times and was part of the squad that won the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

Kléberson was born and raised in the provincial town of Uraí in the southern Brazilian state of Paraná. He began his football career with Atlético Paranaense. There, Kléberson won the Paraná State League in 2000 and 2001, and the Brazilian Série A title in 2001. His performances for Atlético Paranaense led to Luiz Felipe Scolari calling him up to the Brazil national team for the 2002 FIFA World Cup in South Korea and Japan.

His World Cup performances led to Scolari declaring Kléberson the driving force behind Brazil's cup-winning side, and drew interest from several European teams; Barcelona, Newcastle United, Leeds United and Celtic all expressed an interest. Leeds, failed to secure the signing after Kléberson decided against leaving Brazil without his girlfriend, who he was unable to marry until her 16th birthday, and eventually it was Manchester United who signed Kléberson, paying a fee of £6.5 million on 12 August 2003.[1] Seen as a replacement for Juan Sebastián Verón, Kléberson was injured in his second appearance for the club and made only 20 appearances in two seasons. He scored two league goals in his time at Manchester United, both coming in home wins against Blackburn Rovers[2] and Everton.[3]





Portuguese professional footballer

Eponyms



The FIFA Confederations Cup was an international association football tournament for men's national teams, held every four years by FIFA. It was contested by the holders of each of the six (AFC, CAF, CONCACAF, CONMEBOL, OFC and UEFA) continental championships, along with the current FIFA World Cup holder and the host nation, to bring the number of teams up to eight.

Between 2001 and 2017 (with an exception of 2003), the tournament was held in the country that would host the World Cup next year, acting as a test event for the larger tournament. 

The last champions were Germany, who won the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup by defeating Chile 1–0 in the final to win their first and only title.



Luís Fabiano Clemente (born 8 November 1980), commonly known as Luís Fabiano, is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who played as a striker.

He is a prolific goalscorer and was ranked the second-highest-scoring Brazilian of the 21st century, according to the International Federation of Football History & Statistics.[2]

Luís Fabiano enjoyed great success during two spells with Brazilian side São Paulo, with a disappointing period at French side Rennes sandwiched in between.[3] His strength on the ball, accurate finishing and pace made him a vital part of the side that fell in the semi-finals of the 2004 Copa Libertadores de América.



Ronaldo de Assis Moreira (born 21 March 1980), commonly known as Ronaldinho Gaúcho (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁonawˈdʒĩɲu gaˈuʃu]) or simply Ronaldinho,[note 1] is a Brazilian former professional footballer and ambassador for Barcelona.[4] He played mostly as an attacking midfielder, but was also deployed as a forward or a winger. He played the bulk of his career at European clubs Paris Saint-Germain, Barcelona and A.C. Milan as well as playing for the Brazilian national team. Often considered one of the best players of his generation and regarded by many as one of the greatest of all time,[note 2] Ronaldinho won two FIFA World Player of the Year awards and a Ballon d'Or. He was renowned for his technical skills and creativity; due to his agility, pace and
dribbling ability, as well as his use of tricks, feints, overhead kicks, no-look passes and accuracy from free-kicks.

Ronaldinho made his career debut for Grêmio, in 1998. At age 20, he moved to Paris Saint-Germain in France before signing for Barcelona in 2003. In his second season with Barcelona, he won his first FIFA World Player of the Year award, as Barcelona won La Liga. The season that followed is considered one of the best in his career as he was instrumental in Barcelona winning the UEFA Champions League, their first in fourteen years, as well as another La Liga title, giving Ronaldinho his first career double. After scoring two spectacular solo goals in El Clásico, Ronaldinho became the second Barcelona player, after Diego Maradona in 1983, to receive a standing ovation from Real Madrid fans at the Santiago Bernabéu. Ronaldinho also received his second FIFA World Player of the Year award, as well as the Ballon d'Or.

Following a second-place La Liga finish to rivals Real Madrid in the 2006–07 season and an injury plagued 2007–08 season, Ronaldinho departed Barcelona to join Milan. He then returned to Brazil to play for Flamengo in 2011 and Atlético Mineiro a year later where he won  the Copa Libertadores, before moving to Mexico to play for Querétaro and then back to Brazil to play for Fluminense in 2015. Ronaldinho accumulated numerous other individual awards in his career. He was included in the UEFA Team of the Year and the FIFA World XI three times, named UEFA Club Footballer of the Year in 2006 and the South American Footballer of the Year in 2013, and was named in the FIFA 100, a list of the world's greatest living players compiled by Pelé.



Usain St Leo Bolt, OJ, CD (/ˈjuːseɪn/;[12] born 21 August 1986) is a Jamaican former sprinter. He is a world record holder in the 100 metres, 200 metres and 4 × 100 metres relay. Owing to his achievements and dominance in sprint competition, he is widely considered to be the greatest sprinter of all time.[13][14][15][16]

An eight-time Olympic gold medallist, Bolt is the only sprinter to win Olympic 100 m and 200 m titles at three consecutive Olympics (2008, 2012 and 2016). In addition he won two 4 × 100 relay gold medals. He gained worldwide fame for his double sprint victory in world record times at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, which made him the first person to hold both records since fully automatic time became mandatory. 

An eleven-time World Champion, he won consecutive World Championship 100 m, 200 m and 4 × 100 metres relay gold medals from 2009 to 2015, with the exception of a 100 m false start in 2011. He is the most successful athlete of the World Championships. Bolt is the first athlete to win four World Championship titles in the 200 m and is the joint-most successful in the 100 m with three titles.



100 yd: 9.07 WR (Ostrava 2010)
100 m: 09.72 s (Lausanne, 2008)
200 m: 19.90 s (Kingston, 2006)

Asafa Powell, CD (born 23 November 1982) is a Jamaican sprinter who specialises in the 100 metres. He set the 100 metres world record twice, between June 2005 and May 2008 with times of 9.77 and 9.74 seconds. Powell has consistently broken the 10-second barrier in competition, with his personal best of 9.72 s ranking fourth on the all-time list of male 100 metre athletes.[1] As of 1 September 2016, Powell has broken the ten-second barrier more times than anyone else—97 times. He currently holds the world record for the 100 yard dash with a time of 9.09 s, set on 27 May 2010 in Ostrava, Czech Republic. At the 2016 Rio Olympic Games he won a gold medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay.

Powell competed in the 100 m at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Olympics, finishing fifth in 2004 and 2008 and eighth after injuring his groin during the race in 2012.  At the 2007 Osaka World Championships, he won a bronze and a silver medal in the 100 m and 4 x 100 m relay respectively, and he was successful at the Commonwealth Games, winning two golds and one silver medal. At the 2009 World Championships, he won the 100 m bronze and relay gold. Powell has won five times at the IAAF World Athletics Final and was the former 100 m world record holder in the event.



Yohan Blake (born 26 December 1989), is a Jamaican sprinter of the 100-metre and 200-metre sprint races. He won gold at the 100 m at the 2011 World Championships as the youngest 100 m world champion ever, and a silver medal in the 2012 Olympic Games in London in the 100 m and 200 m races for the Jamaican team.

Blake is the second fastest man ever in both 100 m and 200 m. Together with Tyson Gay, he is the joint second fastest man ever over 100 m with a personal best of 9.69 seconds which he ran on 23 August 2012 with less favorable wind conditions than Gay's personal best from three years prior.[4]
Only Usain Bolt has run faster.[5] His personal best for the 200 m (19.26 seconds) is the second fastest time ever after Bolt. 
In this particular race, his reaction time was incredibly slow (almost 0.25 s) and had he made even an average start he would have comfortably set a new world record, bettering the seemingly unreachable Usain Bolt's improbable record.[6] He holds the Jamaican national junior record for the 100 metres, and was formerly the youngest sprinter to have broken the 10-second barrier (at 19 years, 196 days).[7][8][9]

He is coached by Glen Mills and his training partners are Usain Bolt and Daniel Bailey.[10]



Melaine Walker O.D (born 1 January 1983[1], Kingston) is a Jamaican 400 metres hurdler. Walker is the former Olympic 400 m hurdles champion.[2] She holds the Olympic record of 52.64, set at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, and her time of 52.42 seconds at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin was the second fastest time in history.[2]

Walker is a past student of the St. Jago High School. She won Gold at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in a new Olympic record time of 52.64 seconds. Walker won the Jamaica national championships in 54.70 seconds, narrowly beating newcomer Kaliese Spencer and qualifying for her first World Championships in Athletics.[3]

On 20 August 2009, she set the second fastest time in history of 52.42 seconds to win the women's 400m hurdles final at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin.[4]  She leapt on the back of the mascot Berlino the Bear to do a victory lap but Berlino crashed into a cart of hurdles and dropped her.[5]



I Am Bolt is a 2016 British biographical documentary sports film co-directed by Benjamin Turner and Gabe Turner and produced by Leo Pearlman.[4] It is based on the life of Jamaican sprinter and three times Olympic gold medalist and World Record holder for 100m, 200m, 4×100m relay, Usain Bolt, the fastest man in recorded human history.[5]

The film describes Bolt's journey in winning nine gold medals and the incidents surrounding the Olympic titles.[6] The film was released on 28 November 2016 in United Kingdom and then worldwide. The film received mostly positive reviews from critics.[7]

I Am Bolt received critical acclaim. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 83% based on 242 reviews, with an average rating of 7/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "
Bolt's golden era may be too recent and the sponsors too dominant for any real warts to be included, but his charm and sheer physical wonder make this a compelling watch regardless."[8]



Toby Sandeman (born 2 March 1988) is an English actor, international model and double gold medalist who represented Great Britain in the 200 metres. He won the 200 m at the UK Athletics national championships in 2009, and followed this with two gold medals at the European Athletics U23 Championships. He has modelled for Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren, and worked with Naomi Campbell for Vogue magazine.

Born in Hammersmith, London, Sandeman was introduced to athletics from an early age: his family enjoyed the feats of former British sprinter Linford Christie.[1] He lived in Barbados from the age of 6 to 15 and returned to England on a rugby scholarship with Downside School.[2] He found himself more drawn to athletics competitions, however, and competed at the English Schools' Athletics Championships. He failed to pass the first round and, as he advanced through the age groups, victory never came. In spite of this, he remained passionate about the sport and a chance training opportunity with childhood hero Christie arose when his mother won a competition. After the session, Christie recommended his old coach, Ron Roddan, to Sandeman. He trained with Roddan through his teens and competed in the 200 metres at the UK Athletics national championships in 2008. A hamstring injury forced him to withdraw but he vowed to his coach that he would return and win the following year.[1][3]

Sandeman's modelling career had blossomed by this point: Trevor Sorbie, a renowned hairdresser, was a family friend and had suggested he try modelling. Despite his initial reluctance, Sandeman went on to work for Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, and did a Vogue photoshoot with Naomi Campbell.[1] This work enabled him to save up enough money to focus on just his athletics career for a whole year.[2] He returned to the national championships in 2009 and fulfilled his promise to his coach, beating Marlon Devonish, Christian Malcolm, and then-European leader Jeffrey Lawal-Balogun[4] to take the 200 m national title.[5] Having a previous best of a modest 20.96 seconds before the championships, his 20.69 s performance in the final was a surprise victory.[6][7]



Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce, OD (née Fraser, born December 27, 1986) is a Jamaican track and field sprinter. Born and raised in Kingston, Jamaica, she rose to prominence at the 2008 Olympics after becoming the first Caribbean woman to win gold in the 100 m.[2] In 2012, she became the third woman in history to successfully defend an Olympic 100 m title.[3][4] After taking a break from athletics in 2017 to have her first child, she returned to the track a year later.[5][6] At the 2019 World Championships, at age 32, she became the oldest female sprinter and second mother ever to win 100 m gold at a global championship.[5][7]

In addition to her two Olympic 100 m titles, Fraser-Pryce is also the only sprinter in history to become world champion over 100 m four times—2009, 2013, 2015 and 2019.[8][9] The only woman to achieve a "sprint triple" at a single World Championship (gold in the 100 m, 200 m and 4 × 100 m), she is also the only female sprinter to reign as world champion at 60 m, 100 m, 200 m and 4 × 100 m relay at the same time.[10] In 2013, she was named World Athlete of the Year.[10]

With over a decade of dominance in athletics, Fraser-Pryce has won more global 100 m titles than any other female sprinter in history.[11][9] Nicknamed the "Pocket Rocket"[10][8] for her petite five-feet frame and explosive block starts, her personal best of 10.70 seconds is the joint fourth fastest of all time.[12] Due to her achievements and consistency, many publications and sports analysts, including former Olympian Michael Johnson, [13][6] describe her as the greatest female sprinter of all time.[14][15][5][16][11] World Athletics called her “the greatest female sprinter of her generation".[17]



Warren Weir (born October 1989)[nb] is a Jamaican sprinter, who specialized in the 200 metres. He was the bronze medallist in the event at the 2012 London Olympics, helping Jamaica sweep the medals. In 2013 at the Moscow World Championships, Warren Weir won the silver medal equalling his personal best. He finished behind Usain Bolt who set a World Leading time. His personal best is 19.79 seconds set at the National Stadium in his home country Kingston, Jamaica. He has since equalled his personal best in Moscow, in the World Championship final. He trained with the Glen Mills-coached Racers Track Club, alongside Usain Bolt and Yohan Blake.

At the start of his career, Weir competed in the short sprints and the 110 metres hurdles. Born in Trelawny Parish,[1] he ran the 100 m and 200 m for Calabar High School at the Jamaican High School Championships. At the 2007 Jamaican junior championships he set a hurdles best of 13.65 seconds for second place and set a 100 m dash best of 10.69 seconds. He was a hurdles finalist at the 2007 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships and a silver medallist at the 2008 CARIFTA Games,[3] where he also shared in the 4×100 metres relay gold medal.[4] In his first appearance on the global stage, Weir reached the semi-finals at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics.[5] He competed sparingly in his first years as a senior, although he did run personal bests in the 100 m (10.50) and the 400 metres hurdles (53.28) in 2009.[3]

Weir began to emerge as a 200 m specialist in 2011 after joining the Racers Track Club under coach Glen Mills.[6] He and Mills noticed that the hurdles were leaving him with knee pain and both decided that Weir should focus on sprinting instead.[7] He dipped under 21 second for the first time and placed sixth at the Jamaican Championships.[3] He was invited to European meetings for the first time and performed well at his first Diamond League meeting, taking second place to Walter Dix with a personal best of 20.43 seconds into a strong headwind.[8] He began 2012 by bringing his 200 m best down to 20.21, then 20.13 seconds.[9] A time of 20.08 seconds brought him third place at the Adidas Grand Prix in New York in June.[7]

Machel Cedenio (born 6 September 1995) is a Trinidadian sprinter specialising in the 400 metres. He represented his country at two outdoor and one indoor World Championships winning a silver medal in the relay at the 2015 outdoor edition. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.[2]  He qualified for the final and came fourth with a new personal best of 44.01 seconds.  This is the fastest fourth place time for the 400 metres.





Shericka Jackson (born 16 July 1994) is a Jamaican sprinter specialising in the 400 metres.[2] She won the bronze medal at the 2015 and 2019 World Championships and at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the 400 m event.

Outdoor



Steve Mullings (born 28 November 1982) is a Jamaican former sprint athlete who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres events and in 2011 was given a lifetime ban for doping.

Mullings began his international athletics career with a bronze medal win in the 100 m at the Pan American Junior Championships. At the 2004 national championship he made his first impact in senior athletics, setting new bests of 10.04 and 20.22 in the sprints, and finishing as the 200 m national champion.[1] This earned him qualification into the 2004 Summer Olympics, but he was withdrawn from the competition after his sample from the national championships tested positive for banned substances.[2] After his B sample also tested positive for testosterone, he was banned from competition for two years and his results between mid-2004 and 2005 were removed from the record.[3]

He returned to competition in 2006 but finished the season with unimpressive bests of 10.31 and 20.54. The following year was much more successful. He won the 100 m in Zaragoza with a wind-aided (3.7 m/s) run of 9.91 seconds,[4] and featured on the 2007 IAAF Golden League circuit. He competed at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics as a heats runner for the Jamaican silver medal-winning 4×100 metres relay team.

The men's 200 metres at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Olympic Stadium, Berlin, Germany on August 18 and August 20.

The race favourites were Tyson Gay and Usain Bolt. Gay entered the competition as the reigning world champion, championship record holder, and 200 m world leader with 19.58 seconds. Bolt, the current Olympic champion and world record holder, had a season's best of 19.59 seconds. The last time the two athletes raced was at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka, where Gay beat Bolt by a margin of 0.15 seconds. Osaka bronze medallist Wallace Spearmon was the only other athlete to run under twenty seconds that season and former Olympic champion Shawn Crawford was also competing. Up-and-coming athletes Alonso Edward, Steve Mullings and Ramil Guliyev were among the season's fastest sprinters prior to the championships.[1]

After hurting his groin during his American record run in the 100 metres two days earlier, Gay withdrew from the race, effectively rescinding his second world title. The withdrawal of Dwain Chambers, Churandy Martina and Jaysuma Saidy Ndure also reduced the quality of the field.
There were no surprise eliminations in the heats, where Crawford, Mullings, Robert Hering, and Martial Mbandjock were the fastest qualifiers,[2] and Mullings had the fastest time of the quarter-finals round, with all the favourite athletes progressing.[3] On the second day of competition, German number one Hering was eliminated. Bolt and Spearmon were the two semi-final winners, while the third-fastest, 19-year-old Alonso Edward, demonstrated medal winning form.[4]

In the final race, Usain Bolt, the clear favourite, had another world record-breaking run following his 9.58 second record in the 100 metres four days earlier. After having the fastest reaction time of the race, Bolt came out of the bend in first place and extended his lead further in the home straight, beating his previous mark of 19.30 seconds set at the Olympics by 0.11 seconds to take the gold medal and Championship record.[5] Crawford, second fastest at the bend, was overtaken by Edward and Spearmon and eventually finished fourth. Edward vastly improved his previous best to set a South American record of 19.81, while Spearmon was third with 19.85 seconds.[6] At 19 years, 255 days old, silver medallist Edward became the youngest ever world medallist for the men's 200 m.[7]



Allyson Michelle Felix OLY (born November 18, 1985)[1] is an American track and field sprinter who competes in the 100 meters, 200 meters, and 400 meters. At 200 meters, she is the 2012 Olympic champion, a 3-time World champion (2005–09), and 2-time Olympic silver medalist (2004–08). At 400 meters, she is the 2015 World champion, 2011 World silver medalist, 2016 Olympic silver medalist, and 2017 World bronze medalist.

Felix has won five additional Olympic gold medals as a member of the United States' women's relay teams: three at 4 × 400 meters (2008–16), and two at 4 x 100 meters (2012–16). The 2012 U.S. Olympic 4 x 100 meters team also set the women's 4x100 meters world-record that still stands. Felix is the only female track and field athlete to ever win six Olympic gold medals,[2] and is tied with Merlene Ottey as the most decorated female Olympian in track and field history, with a total of nine Olympic medals. Felix is also the most decorated athlete, male or female, in World Athletics Championships history with 18 career medals, and also has the most number of gold medals at 13.[3]

Felix's 200 meters best of 21.69 secs from 2012 ranks her sixth on the all-time list. In 2013, she broke the world best for the rarely contested 150 meters distance, running 16.36 secs. In the 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2015 World Championships, she ran the fastest split ever recorded by an American woman, and third fastest split ever after Jarmila Kratochvilova and Marita Koch, with 47.72.
She is a participant in the US Anti-Doping Agency's "Project Believe" program.[4] She is coached by Bobby Kersee.



100m: 10.03

Simeon Oscar Williamson (born 16 January 1986) is an English sprinter and bobsledder who specialises in the 100 metres.[2] Williamson, a London native, is the second cousin to 2008 Beijing Olympics silver medalist British high jumper Germaine Mason. He is coached by Lloyd Cowan,[3] and his athletics club is Highgate Harriers.[4] He is a former British 100 metres champion.[5]

He won the silver at the European Junior Championships in 2005, 1/100th of a second behind Craig Pickering, to complete a British 1–2–3 with third placed Alex Nelson. In 2007 he became European Athletics Under-23 Champion in the 100 m, clocking a personal best of 10.10 seconds and edging out compatriot Pickering in a British 1–2. He won the 100 m race at the 2007 Summer Universiade.



Kemar Bailey-Cole (born 10 January 1992) is a male track and field athlete from Jamaica, who mainly competes in the 100m. He is the 2014 Commonwealth Games 100 metres champion.

He qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics running a personal best 10.00 sec at the Jamaican Olympic trials over 100m coming 5th earning him a spot on the 4×100 relay for Jamaica at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He later improved his time to 9.97 in Brussels on September 7, 2012. He is coached by Glen Mills who also coaches Usain Bolt and Yohan Blake. In 2013 he once again improved his 100m personal best to 9.96 seconds. In the 100m final of the 2013 Jamaican National Championships, Bailey-Cole finished the race in 9.98 seconds, second only to Usain Bolt's 9.94, despite of a 1.5 m/s headwind, where he earned a qualification to the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow. He set a personal best in the semi final of the 2013 World Championships in Athletics of 9.93 seconds where he came second to teammate Nickel Ashmeade, however he could only manage 4th in the final, just outside the medal positions.[1]

At the 2014 Commonwealth Games Bailey-Cole ran the 100 m final in 10.00 seconds to take the  gold medal,[2] beating England's Adam Gemili who took silver, and fellow countryman Nickel Ashmeade who took bronze. He was a part of the Jamaican relay team which won the gold medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics, running only in the heats.



Kaliese Spencer Carter  (born 6 May 1987) is a Jamaican track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles. Spencer was the Commonwealth Games champion in 2014 and a double silver medallist at the 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships. She finished fourth at both the 2009 World Championships in Athletics and the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. She was the 2006 World Junior champion.

Born in the parish of Westmoreland, Jamaica, her mother, Merfelin Spencer was a 400m runner in college and her father Joshua Spencer was a middle-distance runner and she followed their footsteps into the sport of athletics.[2] She attended the University of Technology in Jamaica and began focusing on her running under the tutelage of Stephen Francis as part of his Maximising Velocity and Power Track Club.[3] She had her first hurdles success at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics, where she won the junior 400 m hurdles title with a personal best run of 55.11 seconds. Her debut at the senior level came the following year and she reached the semi-finals of her event at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka.[4]

Spencer made a strong start to the 2008 outdoor season by running a world-leading time in the 400 metres at the Azuza Pacific Invitational, winning in a personal best time of 50.55 seconds.[3] However, she suffered a hip injury and only trained sporadically in the rest of the year, missing out on the Jamaican Olympic team for the 2008 Beijing Games as a result.[5]



The men's 200 metres event at the 2016 Summer Olympics took place between 16–18 August in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, at the Olympic Stadium.[1]

2012 Olympic champion and 2015 World Champion Usain Bolt of Jamaica, was unbeaten over 200 m since 2012. Bolt had only competed once over 200 m in 2016 before the Olympics, recording a time of 19.89 seconds, fifth in the world in 2016. The US team had 400 metres specialist LaShawn Merritt, 2015 World runner-up and American champion Justin Gatlin and  Ameer Webb. Coming in, the three Americans showed the fastest three times in 200 meters that season.[2] The Canadian team was Brendon Rodney, Aaron Brown and Andre De Grasse. Bolt's training partner Miguel Francis and Britain's Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake were the other athletes to have run under 20 seconds that season. The Jamaican team also featured 2012 Olympic runner-up Yohan Blake.[3][4]

In the semi-final round, #1 of the year. LaShawn Merritt cruised to an easy win in the first, with Christophe Lemaitre second.  The second semi saw Usain Bolt run 19.78, in the last few metres Andre De Grasse rushed up to Bolt's shoulder, the two friends looking at each other and laughing as they crossed the line.  Bolt's time was his fastest the year and De Grasse set a new Canadian record of 19.80 seconds.  As Bud Winter the sprint coach who influenced Glen Mills, Bolt's coach, would say; "Relax and win."[5]   Both the time qualifiers Adam Gemili and Ramil Guliyev both came from this fastest of the three semi final heats.  #3 of the year, Ameer Webb was left behind. In the third semi, Alonso Edward and Churandy Martina qualified in 1st and 2nd place. World #2 in 2016 Justin Gatlin held the lead with 50 metres to go but he did not keep up his speed sufficiently. Alonso Edward as he pulled ahead of Gatlin and on the far outside, Churandy Martina closed fast to take the second qualifying position.  Gatlin failed to reach the final. 2012 silver medallist and number #2 runner of all time, Yohan Blake finished sixth. 



Dexter Lee (born 18 January 1991) is a Jamaican sprinter who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres. He became the first athlete to win back-to-back titles at World Junior Championships in Athletics when he won the 100 metres in 2008 and 2010.[1]

In 2006, his first international appearance ended with the win of two gold medals (100 metres, and 4x100 metres relay) at the CARIFTA Games.,[2][3][4]  followed by three gold medals (100 metres, 200 metres, and 4x100 metres relay) at the 2007 CARIFTA Games.[5][6][7]  He won the 100 metres at the 2007 World Youth Championships in Athletics in a time of 10.51 seconds, before backing that up with the 100 metre title at the 2008 World Junior Championships in 10.40 seconds. In 2010, he won the 100 metres at the championships in Moncton with a time of 10.21 seconds. He was disqualified after a false start in the 200 m first round heats.[8] He also won a silver medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics.

In October 2009, Lee moved to Atlanta, Georgia, where he joined a training group that includes two-time Olympic 200m champion Veronica Campbell-Brown.[9] He has plans to enroll in a junior college in Atlanta.



Shaunae Miller-Uibo (born 15 April 1994) is a Bahamian athlete sprinter who competes in the 200 and 400 metres. She was the 400 metres Olympic champion in 2016 and was the 200 m gold medallist at the 2018 Commonwealth Games. At the World Athletics Championships she won 400 m silver in 2015 and 2019 and 200 m bronze in 2017.

Miller-Uibo was a 400 m gold medallist at the 2010 World Junior and 2011 World Youth Championships before taking her first senior medal (a bronze) at the 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships. She was the IAAF Diamond League champion in both 200 m and 400 m in 2017.

Her personal best of 21.74 is the Bahamian national record for the 200 m. She is the fastest Bahamian over 400 m with a time of 48.37 seconds (IAAF World Championships 2019), which secured her the sixth place at the all-time top list.[1] She holds unofficial world records in the 200 metres straight and 300 metres indoor events. She has won several national titles in 200 m and 400 m, and also won the NCAA Division I Indoor title for the Georgia Bulldogs and Lady Bulldogs.

Walter Dix (born January 31, 1986) is a retired American sprinter who specialized in the 100 meters and 200 meters. He is the fifth-fastest 200-meter runner ever with a best of 19.53 seconds, and has broken the 10-second barrier in the 100 meters, with a best of 9.88 (9.80w) seconds.

Dix was a highly successful amateur athlete, setting a state record in the 100 m and trying out for the US Olympic Team at the age of eighteen. He joined Florida State University and in his first year he broke the 100 m American junior record and won at the NCAA Outdoor Championships. After a fourth-place finish at the 2005 US Championships, Dix continued with his collegiate success, setting an NCAA record of 19.69 seconds in the 200 m and coming within one hundredth of the 100 m record. He completed a 100 m, 200 m, and 4×100 meter relay sweep at the 2007 NCAA Outdoor Championships, the first to do so since John Carlos in 1969. He closed his amateur career in 2008: another NCAA 200 m title made him the third most decorated track athlete in NCAA history, and he won gold and silver at the 2008 US Olympic Trials.

Dix turned professional in mid-2008, signing a multimillion-dollar contract with Nike. He reached the Olympic finals in the 100 and 200 m, and won two bronze medals; the only American track athlete to win two individual medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He suffered an injury at the 2009 US Championships, thus missing out on the World Championships, and a contract dispute with his agent resulted in only a handful of appearances that season. In 2011 he was both the 100 and 200 m American champion and won silver medals in the events at the 2011 World Championships. An injury at the 2012 Olympic trials meant he missed a second Olympic appearance.

The son of a track and field coach, Walter Dix competed at athletics meetings from a young age, specialising in sprinting and the long jump. His speed also translated well to the football field, and he often played the sport at school.[1] Dix was an accomplished high school runner: in his final year at Coral Springs High School in 2004 he recorded 10.28 seconds in the 100 meters, then third all-time on the Florida high school record list behind only Houston McTear and Curtis Johnson, and broke the 200 meters Florida high school record with 20.62 seconds. Aside from J-Mee Samuels' 10.28 seconds in the 100 m, these were the two fastest marks by a high school athlete that year.[2] Both these times were within the Olympic standard for the events. He competed at the US Olympic Trials in the 200 m, but did not progress beyond the heats stage.[3]



Nickel Ashmeade (born 7 April 1990) is a Jamaican sprinter who specialises in the 100 and 200 meters. Nickel Ashmeade placed 2nd in the Jamaica National Trials in the 200 m behind Warren Weir. He came 3rd in the 100 m behind Kemar Bailey-Cole and Usain Bolt.

Nickel Ashmeade ran the third leg for Jamaica's 4 × 100 m team at the 2013 World Championships in Moscow which won the gold medal. Nickel Ashmeade finished 5th at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in the 100 m in Moscow and 4th in the 200 m.

A St. Jago High School teammate of Yohan Blake,[1] Ashmeade first enjoyed success in the sprints as a junior athlete: at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships he beat compatriot Dexter Lee to the 100 m title, was runner-up to Ramone McKenzie over 200 m, and teamed up with the pair to bring Jamaica the 4×100 meter relay title.[2] Another medal haul came for the young Jamaican at the 2007 World Youth Championships in Athletics, where he was second to Lee in the 100 m, ran a 200 m best of 20.76 seconds for the bronze medal, and helped the national team to another bronze in the sprint medley relay.[3] He competed at the Penn Relays in 2008 and represented his school, St. Jago High School – an institution renowned for producing track and field athletes.[4]



Ainsley Waugh (born 17 September 1981) is a Jamaican track and field sprinter who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres.[1]

He made his major tournament debut at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics, reaching the quarter-finals in the 100 metres event. He competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in both the 100 and 200 metres but failed to progress beyond the semi-finals, registering below-par performances of 10.35 and 21.15.[2]

He finished third in the 200 metres at the Grande Prêmio Brasil Caixa meeting in 2009, setting a new personal best of 20.22 seconds.[3] Waugh also won the 100 metres race with a season's best of 10.16 seconds.[4]



Germaine Mason (20 January 1983 – 20 April 2017) was a Jamaican-born track and field  athlete competing in high jump.  In 2006, he switched sporting allegiance, and then represented Great Britain. As a Great Britain competitor, he won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Mason won silver and bronze medals at the World Junior Championships in 2000 and 2002 respectively, the latter event held in his hometown of Kingston. His first medal at senior level came at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, when he won a gold medal, having achieved a personal best jump of 2.34 metres. He finished fifth at the World Championships the same year.

The following seasons saw him drop to 2.25 m (2004) and 2.27 m (2005), but 2.25 m was enough to win a bronze medal at the 2004 IAAF World Indoor Championships. The medal was won jointly with Jaroslav Bába and Ştefan Vasilache.



Ferguson Cheruiyot Rotich (born 30 November 1989) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner who competes in the 800 metres. He has a personal best of 1:43.22 minutes for the event. He represented Kenya at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics and was a gold medallist in the 4×800 metres relay at the 2014 IAAF World Relays.

A relative late-comer to the sport, he made his first impact in the 2013 season at the age of 23. He won the 800 m at the Meeting Grand Prix IAAF de Dakar, setting a personal best of 1:45.40 minutes.[1] In his first race in Europe he went under one minute and 45 seconds for the first time to take fourth at the Golden Spike Ostrava.[2] He placed a narrow second to Anthony Chemut at the Kenyan trials in July, improving further to 1:44.38 minutes.[3] This led to his selection for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics.[4] At the competition he progressed to the semi-final and initially placed fifth, but was disqualified for a lane infringement.[5] He ended the year with two performances on the 2013 IAAF Diamond League circuit, coming third at both the Weltklasse Zürich and the Memorial Van Damme.[6] The latter race was the fastest in the year and Rotich's time of 1:43.22 minutes ranked him as the third fastest in the world that season,[7] making it a rapid rise for the athlete who was unranked in 2012.[8]

At the first meet of the 2014 IAAF Diamond League in Doha he came third.[9] He was chosen for the 4×800 metres relay team (alongside Sammy Kibet Kirongo, Job Koech Kinyor and Alfred Kipketer) at the inaugural 2014 IAAF World Relays event and leading off for Kenya he helped the team to the gold medal.[10]



Schillonie Calvert (born 27 July 1988) is a Jamaican sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. She made the 4x100 relay team for Jamaica as a reserve for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.  She did not participate at the 2012 Worlds.  She ran in the 4 × 100 m heat with the Jamaican team at the 2012 London Olympics which later went on to take silver in the finals.[1]  She competed as an individual in the 100 m at the 2013 World Championships, where she was also part of the Jamaican team that won gold in the 4 × 100 m.[2]  She competed in the 100 m, 200 m and 4 × 100 m at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, and was part of the 4 × 100 m team that set a new Games record.[3][4]



Zharnel Hughes (born 13 July 1995) is an Anguillan-British sprinter who specialises in the 100 metres and 200 metres. He won the gold medal in both the 100 metres and 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2018 European Championships representing Great Britain, and in the 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2018 Commonwealth Games, representing England. 

Born and raised in the British Overseas Territory of Anguilla, he has competed internationally for Great Britain in IAAF and European Athletics events since 2015.[1] He holds the Anguillian national records in both 100 m and 200 m and has personal bests of 9.91 seconds for the 100 m and 20.02 seconds for the 200 m. As of June 2018, he is the second fastest British 100-metre sprinter ever, after Linford Christie and fourth fastest European.[2] His time of 20.02 ranks him fourth fastest British 200 metres sprinter in history and 13th fastest European.

He had significant success in his youth representing Anguilla, winning sprint gold medals at the CARIFTA Games, Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships in Athletics and the Pan American Junior Athletics Championships. He placed fifth in the 200 m final at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics. Injury affected his 2016 and 2017 seasons and he was eliminated in the rounds-stage at the 2016 European Athletics Championships and 2017 World Championships in Athletics. He returned to fitness in 2018 and won the 4 × 100 metres relay title at the 2018 Commonwealth Games with England. Hughes crossed the line first in the final of the 200 metres at the Games, but was disqualified for impeding an athlete in the neighbouring lane.

Jehue Gordon (born 15 December 1991) is a Trinidadian track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles. He turned professional on 24 June 2010,[1] and signed a deal with Adidas in August 2010.[2]

Formerly a pupil of Queen's Royal College in Port of Spain,[3] he began his international athletics career  at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics, where he finished fifth in the semi-finals at the age of 16. He was the bronze medallist in the 400 m hurdles at the 2008 CARIFTA Games and went on to win the gold medal the following year, recording a championship record of 50.01 seconds.[4] His success continued in the form of a bronze medal at the 2009 Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics, where he ran a time of 49.45 seconds,[5] and a silver at the 2009 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships.

He qualified for the 2009 World Championships in Athletics and surprised by setting a world-age best and senior national record of 48.66 seconds in the heats.[6] He progressed through the rounds and reached the final, finishing in fourth with a 48.26-second national record.[7] Statisticians A. Lennart Julin and Mirko Jalava picked out Gordon's performances as sign of promise for future success.[8] At the start of the 2010 season, he took a 400 m and 110 metres hurdles double at the trials for the CARIFTA Games.[9] He went on to improve the championship records in both the 110 and 400 m hurdles at the 2010 CARIFTA Games, earning himself that year's Austin Sealy Trophy.



The men's 200 metres at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Luzhniki Stadium on 16 and 17 August.[1]

In the final, Adam Gemili seemed to get the best start, but flanked by the Jamaican uniforms, he was quickly swallowed up.  Mid way into the turn, Usain Bolt had a clear lead.  Coming off the turn, Bolt had several meters on the field.  The winner determined, Bolt eased off and cruised across the finish in what would be a great time for any other human being, just a slow 200 for Bolt in 19.66.[2][deprecated source]
Coming off the turn about even with Gemili and Nickel Ashmeade, Warren Weir out in lane 7 separated from those two and gained significantly on the slowing Bolt, setting a personal best of 19.79.[3]
Taking a lesson from American teammate Wallace Spearmon who was vanquished in the semis, Curtis Mitchell spotted the field several meters then closed from dead last at the end of the turn to take the bronze.  Gemili took a full dive at the finish to try to beat Ashmeade but still finished in fifth.[4]

Prior to the competition, the records were as follows:

100_m_final_Berlin_2009.JPG ‎(640 × 426 pixels, file size: 62 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

 

Wikimedia Foundation has received an e-mail confirming that the copyright holder has approved publication under the terms mentioned on this page. This correspondence has been reviewed by an OTRS member and stored in our permission archive. The correspondence is available to trusted volunteers as ticket #2008082610013775.

Ticket link: https://ticket.wikimedia.org/otrs/index.pl?Action=AgentTicketZoom&TicketNumber=2008082610013775




Usain St Leo Bolt, OJ, CD (/ˈjuːseɪn/;[12] born 21 August 1986) is a Jamaican former sprinter. He is a world record holder in the 100 metres, 200 metres and 4 × 100 metres relay. Owing to his achievements and dominance in sprint competition, he is widely considered to be the greatest sprinter of all time.[13][14][15][16]

An eight-time Olympic gold medallist, Bolt is the only sprinter to win Olympic 100 m and 200 m titles at three consecutive Olympics (2008, 2012 and 2016). In addition he won two 4 × 100 relay gold medals. He gained worldwide fame for his double sprint victory in world record times at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, which made him the first person to hold both records since fully automatic time became mandatory. 

An eleven-time World Champion, he won consecutive World Championship 100 m, 200 m and 4 × 100 metres relay gold medals from 2009 to 2015, with the exception of a 100 m false start in 2011. He is the most successful athlete of the World Championships. Bolt is the first athlete to win four World Championship titles in the 200 m and is the joint-most successful in the 100 m with three titles.





Argentine professional footballer

Eponym





Portuguese professional footballer

Eponyms





Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior (Brazilian Portuguese: [nejˈmaʁ dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈsɐ̃tus ˈʒũɲoʁ]; born 5 February 1992), commonly known as Neymar Jr. or simply Neymar, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team. He is widely considered as one of the best players in the world.

Neymar came into prominence at Santos, where he made his professional debut aged 17. He helped the club win two successive Campeonato Paulista championships, a Copa do Brasil, and the 2011 Copa Libertadores; the latter being Santos' first since 1963. Neymar was twice named the South American Footballer of the Year, in 2011 and 2012, and soon relocated to Europe to join Barcelona. As part of Barça's attacking trio with Lionel Messi and Luis Suárez, he won the continental treble of La Liga, the Copa del Rey, and the UEFA Champions League, and finished third for the FIFA Ballon d'Or in 2015 for his performances. He then attained a domestic double in the 2015–16 season. In 2017, Neymar transferred from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain in a move worth €222 million, making him the most expensive player ever.[note 1] In France, Neymar won three league titles, a Coupe de France, and a Coupe de la Ligue, which included a domestic treble and being voted Ligue 1 Player of the Year, in his debut season.[9] Neymar's second season with PSG was injury-riddled and marked by controversies.[10][11]



Francesc Fàbregas Soler (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsɛsk ˈfaβɾəɣəs], Spanish: [ˈfaβɾeɣas]; born 4 May 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 1 club Monaco and the Spain national team.

Fàbregas came through La Masia, Barcelona's youth academy, leaving at 16 when he was signed by Premier League club Arsenal in September 2003. Following injuries to key midfielders in the early part of the 2004–05 season, he went on establish himself in the team. He broke several of the club's records in the process, earning a reputation as one of the best players in his position, and won the FA Cup in 2005. After a protracted transfer saga, Fàbregas left London on 15 August 2011 to return to Barcelona in a deal worth up to £35 million. During his three-year spell at the Camp Nou, Fàbregas played alongside Xavi and Andrés Iniesta and won a La Liga title, the Copa del Rey, the FIFA Club World Cup, the UEFA Super Cup and two Spanish Super Cups. He returned to London in June 2014 to Arsenal's cross-town rivals Chelsea for a fee of £30 million, and in his first year there he helped to secure League Cup and Premier League triumphs.

Internationally, Fàbregas made his debut for the Spanish national team in March 2006. He represented his country in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro 2008, 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup, 2010 World Cup, Euro 2012, 2013 Confederations Cup, the 2014 World Cup and Euro 2016. He was a key figure in Spain's European Championship victories in 2008 and 2012 and their 2010 World Cup triumph in which he supplied the pass for Andrés Iniesta's winning goal in the final. On 12 October 2015, Fàbregas earned his 100th cap for Spain.



Argentine professional footballer

Eponym

Films

Original file ‎(2,115 × 2,820 pixels, file size: 6.55 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0
CC BY 3.0 
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 
truetrue

Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.

The following other wikis use this file:

The Aldo Rovira Trophy (Premio Aldo Rovira) is a trophy awarded by Futbol Club Barcelona to its best player of the season and it is decided by a jury composed of board of directors and heads of sport in Catalan media. The award was created in 2010 in memory of the son of former FC Barcelona director, Josep Lluis Rovira, who died in a car/traffic accident one year earlier.[1]

Lionel Messi won the inaugural prize for the season held in 2009–10 and he has also won the award on a record six occasions.[2][3][4]



Andrés Iniesta Luján (Spanish pronunciation: [anˈdɾes iˈnjesta luˈxan]; born 11 May 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Japanese club Vissel Kobe. He spent most of his career at Barcelona, where he served as the captain for three seasons. Iniesta is widely considered to be one of the best players of his generation and one of the greatest midfielders of all time.[5][6][7][8]

Iniesta came through La Masia, the Barcelona youth academy, after an early migration from his birthplace, and impressed from an early age. He made his first-team debut aged 18 in 2002. He began playing regularly during the 2004–05 season and remained in the team until 2018. Iniesta was an integral part of the Barcelona sides that won two historic trebles in 2009 and 2015, and his 35 trophies, which includes nine La Ligas and four UEFA Champions League titles, make him the most decorated Spanish footballer of all time.[9]  After twenty-two years at Barcelona, Iniesta signed for Japanese club Vissel Kobe in 2018.

Iniesta played for Spain at the Under-16, Under-19 and Under-21 levels before making his international debut in 2006. He helped Spain win UEFA Euro 2008, playing every game and being selected in the Team of the Tournament. Iniesta was also a key member of the victorious Spanish team at the 2010 FIFA World Cup; he scored the winning goal in the final against the Netherlands, for which he was named the Man of the Match, and was selected to the tournament's All-Star Team. At UEFA Euro 2012, Iniesta led Spain to their second consecutive continental crown, again being chosen as the Man of the Match of the final against Italy, and was named the Player of the Tournament.



Sergio Busquets Burgos (Catalan: [busˈkɛts],[3] Spanish: [ˈseɾxjo βusˈkets];[A] born 16 July 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder and is the vice-captain of both Barcelona and the Spain national team. Busquets is widely regarded as one of the greatest defensive midfielders of his generation, and by some to be among the finest of the modern era.[4][5][6][7]

A one-club man, he arrived in Barcelona's first team in July 2008, and eventually made a name for himself in a relatively short period of time. He reached the Spain national team less than one year after making his senior club debut.

Busquets helped Spain win the 2010 World Cup and the Euro 2012 tournaments. He also represented the nation at two other World Cups and Euro 2016.



Xavier Hernández Creus (Catalan: [ˈʃaβi əɾˈnandəs ˈkɾɛws], Spanish: [ˈtʃaβi eɾˈnandeθ ˈkɾews]; born 25 January 1980), nicknamed Xavi, is a Spanish football manager and former player who is the manager of Qatar Stars League football club Al Sadd. Highly regarded for his humble personality and team ethics, Xavi is viewed as being the embodiment of the tiki-taka passing style of play, and is widely considered to be one of the greatest central midfielders of all time.[3][4][5] He is also considered by many to be one of the greatest Spanish players ever.[6][7]

Xavi joined La Masia, the Barcelona youth academy, at age 11, and made his first-team debut against Mallorca in August 1998. In all, he played over 700 matches, a club record, and scored 85 goals. Xavi is the first player in the club's history to play 150 European and FIFA Club World Cup matches combined.[8] With Barcelona, Xavi won eight La Liga titles and four UEFA Champions League titles. He has won 31 trophies for Barcelona and Spain, a total only surpassed by Andrés Iniesta as the most decorated Spanish player in history.[9][10] Xavi came third in the 2009 FIFA World Player of the Year, followed by third place for its successor award, the FIFA Ballon d'Or, in 2010 and 2011. In 2011, he was runner up to Lionel Messi for the UEFA Best Player in Europe Award.

With Spain, Xavi won the FIFA World Youth Championship in 1999, and the Olympic silver medal at the 2000 Olympics. After making his senior team debut in 2000, he was capped 133 times for the Spain national team, and was an influential figure in the team's successes. He played an integral role in Spain's victory at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, as well as their wins at both UEFA Euro 2008 and UEFA Euro 2012. He was named Player of the Tournament at UEFA Euro 2008,[11] and was named in the UEFA Euro Team of the Tournament in 2008 and 2012. At UEFA Euro 2012, with his two assists in the final, Xavi became the first player to register assists in two separate UEFA Euro finals, having set up the only goal in the final four years earlier.[12] He had a 91% passing success rate at the 2010 FIFA World Cup and was named in the World Cup All-Star Team. After the 2014 FIFA World Cup, Xavi announced his retirement from international football.[13]





Gerard Piqué Bernabeu (Catalan: [ʒəˈɾaɾt piˈke βəɾnəˈβew], Spanish: [ɟʝeˈɾaɾ piˈke βeɾnaˈβew]; born 2 February 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Barcelona. Piqué is considered to be one of the best defenders in the world.[4]

Piqué joined the Manchester United academy in 2004, where he remained for four years. He returned to Barcelona under Pep Guardiola's leadership and helped the club win trebles in 2008–09 and 2014–15. He is one of only four players to have won the UEFA Champions League two years in a row with different teams, the others being Marcel Desailly, Paulo Sousa and Samuel Eto'o.[5]

Original file ‎(4,972 × 3,456 pixels, file size: 9.53 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

 

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0
CC BY-SA 2.0 
Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 
truetrue

Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.



Luis Alberto Suárez Díaz (American Spanish: [ˈlwis ˈswaɾes]; born 24 January 1987) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club  Barcelona and the Uruguay national team. Often regarded as one of the best players in the world,[note 1] Suárez has won 18 trophies in his career, which include six league titles, a UEFA Champions League title at club level, and a Copa América with Uruguay. A prolific goalscorer, Suárez has won two European Golden Shoes,
an Eredivisie Golden Boot, a Premier League Golden Boot, also ending the six-year dominance of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo by winning La Liga's Pichichi Trophy in 2016. He has scored 475 senior career goals for club and country.[9][10]

Suárez began his career as a youth player for Nacional in 2003. At age 19, he relocated to the Netherlands to play for Groningen, before transferring to Ajax in 2007. He won his first trophy in 2010, the KNVB Cup, finishing the season as the league's top scorer and was named Dutch Footballer of the Year. A year later, he helped Ajax secure the Eredivisie title, and scored his 100th Ajax goal. In January 2011, Suárez transferred to Liverpool, and won the League Cup in his first full season. In 2014, he was named the PFA Players' Player of the Year and the FWA Footballer of the Year as well as winning the Premier League Golden Boot, and sharing the European Golden Shoe with Cristiano Ronaldo before moving to Barcelona in a transfer worth €82.3 million (£64.98 million), making him one of the most expensive players in football history.[11][12]

In his first season at Barcelona, Suárez starred in an attacking trio alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar, helping the club win a historic second continental treble of La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the UEFA Champions League. Messi, Suárez, Neymar (dubbed MSN), scored a total of 122 goals that season, the most for an attacking front three in Spanish football history.[13] In his second season at the club, Suárez won his first Pichichi Trophy as well as his second European Golden Shoe, for which he became the first player since 2009 to win both awards other than Messi or Ronaldo.[14] He ended the season with a total of 40 league goals, 14 of which came in his last five matches, and 16 assists, becoming the first player in history to top La Liga in both goals and assists.[15][16]



The International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS) is an organization that chronicles the history and records of association football.[2][3][4] 
It was founded on 27 March 1984 in Leipzig by Alfredo Pöge with the blessings of general secretary of the FIFA at the time, Helmut Käser.[2] The IFFHS was based at Al-Muroor Street 147, Abu Dhabi for some time but, in 2010, relocated to Bonn, Germany.[5]

During its early stages, and until 2002, the IFFHS concentrated on publishing the quarterly magazines Fußball-Weltzeitschrift, Libero spezial deutsch and Libero international.[6] When these had to be discontinued for reasons which were not officially told, the organization published its material in a series of multi-lingual books in co-operation with sponsors.[7]  The statistical organization has now confined its publishing activities to its website, receiving support from FIFA,[7] organization that recognise the IFFHS and its work[4][7] although the latter has no affiliation with the football's governing body.[8]

Since 1991, the entity has produced a monthly Club World Ranking.





Zinedine Yazid Zidane (French pronunciation: ​[zinedin jazid zidan]; born 23 June 1972), popularly known in French as Zizou (pronounced [zizu]), is a French former professional football player who played as an attacking midfielder. He is the current manager of La Liga club Real Madrid. Widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time,[4][5][6] Zidane was an elite playmaker renowned for his elegance, vision, passing, ball control, and technique.[7][8] He received many individual accolades as a player, including being named FIFA World Player of the Year in 1998, 2000 and 2003, and won the 1998 Ballon d'Or. He was voted Ligue 1 Player of the Year in 1996, Serie A Footballer of the Year in 2001, and La Liga Best Foreign Player in 2002.

Zidane started his career at Cannes before establishing himself as one the best players in the French Division 1 at Bordeaux. In 1996, he moved to Juventus where he won trophies including two Serie A titles. He moved to Real Madrid for a world record fee at the time of €77.5 million in 2001, which remained unmatched for the next eight years. In Spain, Zidane won several trophies, including a La Liga title and the UEFA Champions League. In the 2002 UEFA Champions League Final, he scored a left-foot volleyed winner which is considered to be one of the greatest goals in the competition's history.[9]





Argentine professional footballer

Eponym



Eldrick Tont "Tiger" Woods (born December 30, 1975) is an American professional golfer. He is tied for first in PGA Tour wins and ranks second in men's major championships and also holds numerous golf records.[5] Woods is widely regarded as one of the greatest golfers, and one of the most famous athletes of all time. He will be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2021.[6]

Following an outstanding junior, college, and amateur golf career, Woods turned professional in 1996 at the age of 20. By the end of April 1997, he had won three PGA Tour events in addition to his first major, the 1997 Masters, which he won by 12 strokes in a record-breaking performance. He reached number one in the world rankings for the first time in June 1997, less than a year after turning pro. Throughout the first decade of the 21st century, Woods was the dominant force in golf. He was the top-ranked golfer in the world from August 1999 to September 2004 (264 weeks) and again from June 2005 to October 2010 (281 weeks). During this time, he won 13 of golf's major championships.

The next decade of Woods' career was marked by comebacks from personal problems and injuries. He took a self-imposed hiatus from professional golf from December 2009 to early April 2010 in an attempt to resolve marital issues with his then-wife, Elin. Woods admitted to multiple infidelities, and the couple eventually divorced.[7] Woods fell to number 58 in the world rankings in November 2011 before ascending again to the No.1 ranking between March 2013 and May 2014.[8][9] However, injuries led him to undergo four back surgeries between 2014 and 2017.[10] Woods competed in only one tournament between August 2015 and January 2018, and he dropped off the list of the world's top 1,000 golfers.[11][12]  On his return to regular competition, Woods made steady progress to the top of the game, winning his first tournament in five years at the Tour Championship in September 2018 and his first major in 11 years at the 2019 Masters.



Vijay Singh CF (Fiji Hindi: विजय सिंह pronounced [ˈʋɪdʒəj sɪ̃ɦ]; born 22 February 1963), nicknamed "The Big Fijian", is a Fijian professional golfer. He has won 34 events on the PGA Tour, including three major championships: one Masters title (2000) and two PGA Championships (1998, 2004). He was elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2006.[3]

Singh held Number 1 in the Official World Golf Ranking for 32 weeks in 2004 and 2005.  Vijay was the 12th man to reach the world No. 1-ranking and was the only new world No. 1 in the 2000s decade. Singh was the leading PGA Tour money winner in 2003, 2004 and 2008. He also captured the FedEx Cup in 2008.[4]

Singh recollected to reporters about his childhood: "When we were kids we couldn't afford golf balls so we had to make do with coconuts. My father used to say, 'Little Vijay, golf balls don't fall off trees you know,' so I found some that did!"[5] Growing up, he played snooker, cricket, football, and the island's most popular sport, rugby. He is the son of Mohan Singh, an airplane technician who also taught golf. Growing up, he admired the swing of Tom Weiskopf, using it as an early model for his own.



Philip Alfred Mickelson (born June 16, 1970), nicknamed Lefty, is an American professional golfer. He has won 44 events on the PGA Tour, including five major championships: three Masters titles (2004, 2006, 2010), a PGA Championship (2005),[3] and an Open Championship (2013).[4]

Mickelson is one of 12 players in the history of golf to win three of the four majors.[5] He has won every major except the U.S. Open, where he has finished runner-up a record six times.[6]

Mickelson has spent over 25 consecutive years in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Ranking.[7]  He has spent over 700 weeks in the top-10,[8] has reached a career-high world ranking of No. 2 several times and is a life member of the PGA Tour. Known for his left-handed swing, even though otherwise right-handed, he learned by mirroring his right-handed father's swing.[1] He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2012.[9]



David Robert Duval (born November 9, 1971) is an American professional golfer and former World No. 1 Golfer who competed on the PGA Tour. Duval won 13 PGA Tour tournaments between 1997 and 2001; including one major title, The Open Championship in 2001. 

Duval received his PGA Tour card in 1995, earning it after becoming two-time ACC Player of the Year, 1993 National Player of the Year, and playing two years on the Nike Tour (where he won twice). Between 1997 and 2000, Duval finished all four seasons top-5 on the PGA Tour's money list, including being the leading money winner and scoring leader in 1998. In addition to his major title, he also won the 1997 Tour Championship and the 1999 Players Championship.  

Following Duval's victory at the 2001 Open Championship, he never won again on the PGA Tour and his performance declined dramatically due to injuries and various medical conditions. As a result, he lost his tour card in 2011. After his professional golf career slowed, he became a golf analyst and commentator, currently working for Golf Channel and NBC.

The 1999 PGA Championship was the 81st PGA Championship, held August 12–15 at the Medinah Country Club in Medinah, Illinois, a suburb northwest of Chicago. Tiger Woods, 23, won his first PGA Championship and second major, one stroke ahead of runner-up Sergio García, age 19.[2]

At the time, many (including noted commentator Gary McCord) predicted the start of a long rivalry between Woods and García.[2] The teenage García's outgoing antics during the tournament had captured the attention of many golf fans, but his sole major title came over seventeen years later at the Masters in 2017.  Mike Weir, the co-leader with Woods after 54 holes, shot 80 in the final round and tied for tenth.[2]

Although this was the first PGA Championship at Medinah, it was the fourth major; the U.S. Open was held at Course No. 3 in 1949, 1975, and 1990.  The PGA Championship returned seven years later in 2006, also won by Woods, and Medinah hosted the Ryder Cup in 2012.

Course No. 3



Gregory John Norman AO (born 10 February 1955)[2][3] is an Australian professional golfer and entrepreneur[4] who spent 331 weeks as the world's Number 1 Official World Golf Rankings ranked golfer in the 1980s and 1990s.[5] He has won 89 professional tournaments, including 20 PGA Tour tournaments and two majors: The Open Championships in 1986 and 1993.[6][7][8] Norman also earned thirty top-10 finishes and was the runner-up 8 times in majors throughout his career.[9] He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2001 with the highest percentage of votes (80%) of any golfer to date.[10] In a reference to his blond hair, size, aggressive golf style and his birthplace's native coastal animal, Norman's nickname is "The Great White Shark" (often shortened to just "The Shark"), which he earned after his play at the 1981 Masters.[11][12]

During and after his playing career, Norman engaged in numerous entrepreneurial and philanthropic endeavors. He currently serves as the chairman and CEO of the Greg Norman Company, a global corporation with a portfolio of companies in fields like apparel, interior design, real estate, private equity, golf course design, and more.[7] Norman has also donated to and established numerous charities and charity events like the QBE Shootout which benefits the CureSearch for Children's Cancer fund.[13] He became a Trustee of the Environmental Institute for Golf in 2004[14] and received the Golf Writers Association of America's Bartlett Award in 2008 for his philanthropic endeavors.[15]

In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations, Greg Norman was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for his role as a "sports legend".[16]



Sir Nicholas Alexander Faldo, MBE (born 18 July 1957) is an English professional golfer who is now mainly an on-air golf analyst. A top player of his era, renowned for his dedication to the game,[1] he was ranked No. 1 on the Official World Golf Ranking for a total of 97 weeks.[2] His 41 professional wins include 30 victories on the European Tour and six major championships: three Open Championships (1987, 1990, 1992) and three Masters (1989, 1990, 1996).

Faldo has since become a television pundit for major golf championships. In 2006, he became the lead golf analyst for CBS Sports. In 2012, Faldo joined the BBC Sport on-air team for coverage of the Open Championship.

Born in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, England, Faldo "became hooked" on golf at the age of 14—having never "even picked up a golf club" himself, watching Jack Nicklaus play the 1971 Masters on his parents' "new colour" television (his very first exposure to the game). Just three years later, Faldo qualified to play in the 1974 English Amateur at Woodhall Spa. In 1975 he won both the English Amateur at Royal Lytham and the British Youths Open Amateur Championship. His successes came too late to gain a Walker Cup place that year, the match being played in late May with the team selected in November 1974.[3] He did represent Great Britain in the Commonwealth Tournament in South Africa in November 1975. Faldo describes his late discovery of golf enthusiastically, saying that he "love[d] school, until golf came along"—after which "the only thing [he] was interested in was getting out of the gates as quick as possible and going to the golf course."[4][5]



Jack William Nicklaus (born January 21, 1940), nicknamed The Golden Bear, is an American retired professional golfer. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest golfers of all time.[1][2] Over a quarter-century, he won a record 18 major championships, three more than second-placed Tiger Woods.[3] Nicklaus focused on the major championships—Masters Tournament, U.S. Open, Open Championship and PGA Championship—and played a selective schedule of regular PGA Tour events. He competed in 164 major tournaments, more than any other player, and finished with 73 PGA Tour victories, third behind Sam Snead (82) and Woods (82).

Nicklaus won the U.S. Amateur in 1959 and 1961 and finished second in the 1960 U.S. Open, two shots behind Arnold Palmer. Nicklaus turned professional at age 21 toward the end of 1961. He earned his first professional victory at the 1962 U.S. Open, defeating Palmer by three shots in a next-day 18-hole playoff and launching a rivalry between golf superstars. In 1966, Nicklaus became the first player to win the Masters Tournament two years running; he also won The Open Championship, becoming at age 26 the youngest player to win all four golf majors.[4] He won another Open Championship in 1970.[4]

Between 1971 and 1980, he won nine more major championships, overtook Bobby Jones' record of 13 majors, and became the first player to complete double and triple career grand slams. He won the 1986 Masters, his 18th and final major championship at age 46, the tournament's oldest winner. Nicklaus joined the Senior PGA Tour (now known as the PGA Tour Champions)  when he became eligible in January 1990, and by April 1996 had won 10 tournaments, including eight major championships despite playing a very limited schedule. He continued to play at least some of the four regular Tour majors until 2005, when he made his final appearances at the Masters Tournament and The Open Championship.

Shaun Carl Micheel (born January 5, 1969) is an American professional golfer who is best known for his surprise victory at the 2003 PGA Championship.

Micheel was born in Orlando, Florida. He attended Christian Brothers High School in Memphis, Tennessee and Indiana University and turned professional in 1992. He taught himself how to play golf after his parents bought a home on a golf course in Memphis. He had a very patchy early career, during which he struggled to hold on to membership on the PGA Tour. His successes included a victory in the Singapore Open in 1998 and a win on the Nike Tour (now the Web.com Tour) in 1999.

He went into the 2003 PGA Championship at Oak Hill Country Club ranked 169th in the Official World Golf Ranking and making his 164th PGA Tour start, becoming one of the biggest underdogs to win a major in recent times. In the first two rounds, he shot 69-68 (−3) to take a two-shot lead over Billy Andrade and Mike Weir. A third round 69 put him at −4, tied for the lead with Chad Campbell and three shots clear of Weir. He shot a par 70 in the final round to defeat Campbell by two strokes.[2] That season, he finished 32nd on the money list. In 2004, he made the top 100 on the PGA Tour money list for the second time in his career, but he did not make the move up to being a regular high finisher. His career high world ranking is 36th, achieved in 2004.

In August 2006, Micheel returned to prominence when he finished runner-up to Tiger Woods at the PGA Championship at Medinah Country Club; he followed that with T7 two weeks later at the Deutsche Bank Championship. He was also runner-up at the 2006 HSBC World Match Play Championship, after defeating Woods in the first round. On the PGA Tour, he ended the year with nine consecutive cuts and placed in the top 50 on the money list.



John Patrick Daly (born April 28, 1966) is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour.[4]

Daly is known primarily for his driving distance off the tee (earning him the nickname "Long John"), his non-country club appearance and attitude, his exceptionally long backswing, the inconsistency of his play (with some exceptional performances and some controversial incidents), and his personal life. His two greatest on-course accomplishments are his "zero to hero" victory in the 1991 PGA Championship, and his playoff victory over Costantino Rocca in the 1995 Open Championship.

In addition to his wins on U.S. soil, Daly has won accredited pro events in South Africa, Swaziland, Scotland, Germany, South Korea, Turkey, and Canada.



Thomas Sturges Watson (born September 4, 1949) is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour Champions, formerly on the PGA Tour.

In the 1970s and 1980s, Watson was one of the leading players in the world, winning eight major championships and heading the PGA Tour money list five times. He was the number one player in the world according to McCormack's World Golf Rankings from 1978 until 1982; in both 1983 and 1984, he was ranked second behind Seve Ballesteros. He also spent 32 weeks in the top 10 of the successor Sony Rankings in their debut in 1986.[2]

Watson is also notable for his longevity: at nearly sixty years of age, and 26 years after his last major championship victory, he led after the second and third rounds of The Open Championship in 2009, but lost in a four-hole playoff. With a chance to win the tournament with par on the 72nd hole, he missed an 8-foot (2.4 m) putt, then lost to Stewart Cink in the playoff.



The 2000 United States Open Championship was the 100th U.S. Open Championship, held June 15–18 at Pebble Beach Golf Links in Pebble Beach, California. Tiger Woods won his first U.S. Open by a record-setting fifteen strokes over runners-up Ernie Els and Miguel Ángel Jiménez – it remains the most dominating performance and victory in any major championship.  As the United States Golf Association wanted to begin the millennium with a memorable tournament, Pebble Beach was moved up two years in the rotation.[3] Notable golfers going into the tournament at large included Jack Nicklaus, playing in his final U.S. Open; Vijay Singh, the year's Masters winner; Ernie Els; and David Duval.

The defending champion, Payne Stewart, died in an aviation accident less than eight months earlier, in October 1999. His death was commemorated many times throughout the week, starting with a group of players simultaneously teeing off from the 18th fairway into the Pacific in a twist on the 21-gun salute.[4] Sergio García wore Stewart's trademark navy plus fours in Stewart's honor in the first round.[5] Nicklaus was asked to take Stewart's spot in the traditional grouping, for the first two rounds, of the prior year's British Open winner (Paul Lawrie), U.S. Amateur winner (David Gossett), and U.S. Open winner.

This was the last appearance for two-time winner Curtis Strange.

The 2004 PGA Tour season was played from January 8 to November 7. The season consisted of 48 official money events. Vijay Singh won the most tournaments, nine, and there were 10 first-time winners. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.

The following table shows all the official money events for the 2004 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Majors are shown in bold.

The following events did not carry official money.

Source:[1]



Theodore Ernest Els (/ˈɛls/; born 17 October 1969) is a South African professional golfer. A former World No. 1, he is known as "The Big Easy" due to his imposing physical stature (he stands 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m)) along with his fluid golf swing. Among his 71 career victories are four major championships: the U.S. Open in 1994 at Oakmont and in 1997 at Congressional, and The Open Championship in 2002 at Muirfield and in 2012 at Royal Lytham & St Annes.[2] He is one of six golfers to twice win both the U.S. Open and The Open Championship.

Other highlights in Els' career include topping the 2003 and 2004 European Tour Order of Merit (money list), and winning the World Match Play Championship a record seven times. He was the leading career money winner on the European Tour until overtaken by Lee Westwood in 2011, and was the first member of the tour to earn over €25,000,000 from European Tour events. He has held the number one spot in the Official World Golf Ranking and until 2013 held the record for weeks ranked in the top ten with 788.[3][4] Els rose to fifteenth in the world rankings after winning the 2012 Open Championship. He was elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2010, on his first time on the ballot, and was inducted in May 2011.[5]

When not playing, Els has a golf course design business, a charitable foundation which supports golf among underprivileged youth in South Africa, and a winemaking business. He has written a popular golf instructional column in Golf Digest magazine for several years.

The United States Open Championship, commonly known as the U.S. Open, is the annual open national championship of golf in the United States. It is the third of the four major championships in golf, and is on the official schedule of both the PGA Tour and the European Tour. Since 1898 the competition has been 72 holes of stroke play (4 rounds on an 18-hole course), with the winner being the player with the lowest total number of strokes. It is staged by the United States Golf Association (USGA) in mid-June, scheduled so that, if there are no weather delays, the final round is played on the third Sunday. The U.S. Open is staged at a variety of courses, set up in such a way that scoring is very difficult, with a premium placed on accurate driving. As of 2019 the U.S. Open awards a $12.5 million purse, the largest of all 4 major championships and tied for largest of all PGA Tour events (The Players Championship also with $12.5 million).[1]

The first U.S. Open was played on October 4, 1895, on a nine-hole course at the Newport Country Club in Newport, Rhode Island. It was a 36-hole competition and was played in a single day. Ten professionals and one amateur entered. The winner was Horace Rawlins, a 21-year-old Englishman, who had arrived in the U.S. earlier that year to take up a position at the host club. He received $150 cash out of a prize fund of $335, plus a $50 gold medal; his club received the Open Championship Cup trophy, which was presented by the USGA.[2][3]

In the beginning, the tournament was dominated by experienced British players until 1911, when John J. McDermott became the first native-born American winner. American golfers soon began to win regularly and the tournament evolved to become one of the four majors.

Since 1911, the title has been won mostly by players from the United States. Since 1950, players from only six countries other than the United States have won the championship, most notably South Africa, which has won five times since 1965. A streak of four consecutive non-American winners occurred from 2004 to 2007 for the first time since 1910. These four players, South African Retief Goosen (2004), New Zealander Michael Campbell (2005), Australian Geoff Ogilvy (2006) and Argentine Ángel Cabrera (2007), are all from countries in the Southern Hemisphere. Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell (2010) became the first European player to win the event since Tony Jacklin of England in 1970; three more Europeans won in the next four editions, making it only three American wins in the 11 tournaments from 2004-2014.



Colin Stuart Montgomerie, OBE (born 23 June 1963) is a Scottish professional golfer. He has won a record eight European Tour Order of Merit titles, including a streak of seven consecutively from 1993 to 1999. He has won 31 European Tour events, the most of any British player, placing him fourth on the all-time list of golfers with most European Tour victories.

Montgomerie won three consecutive Volvo PGA Championships at Wentworth Club between 1998 and 2000. He has finished runner-up on five occasions in  major championships and his career-high world ranking is second.[2] He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2013.[3]

In June 2013, after turning 50, Montgomerie joined the Champions Tour, where he made his debut in the Constellation Senior Players Championship, one of the five senior major championships.[4] On 25 May 2014, Montgomerie won his first senior major championship at the Senior PGA Championship.[5] He followed this up on 13 July 2014, when he claimed his second senior major at the U.S. Senior Open.[6] On 24 May 2015, Montgomerie defended his Senior PGA Championship title to win his third senior major. However, in 2016 he narrowly missed out on making it three Senior PGA Championships in a row – finishing second and three shots behind winner Rocco Mediate.[7] He won twice on the senior circuit in 2017, winning the inaugural Japan Airlines Championship before claiming his sixth Champions Tour win at the SAS Championship.[8]



Monday Night Golf is a series of match play golf challenge matches that ran from 1999 to 2005, and was revived in 2012. All the matches have involved World Number 1 Tiger Woods, and the first seven were run by his representatives IMG and were broadcast on ABC. The eighth was organized by Excel Sports Management, Woods' representatives since he left IMG in 2010. It marked the first time that live golf had been shown in prime time during the week in the United States.[1]

The first match was played at Sherwood Country Club, and dubbed the Showdown at Sherwood. The next three were held at Bighorn Golf Club and known as the Battle at Bighorn, and the next three were known as the Battle at the Bridges and played at The Bridges at Rancho Santa Fe.

Monday Night Golf proved to be an initial success, drawing more viewers than the final round of the U.S. Open,[2] and being second only to the final round of the Masters Tournament in terms of golf broadcasts.[3] Ratings increased significantly for the second match,[4] but they declined rapidly after that,[5][6] and the event was initially cancelled after the 2005 edition, with Woods also wishing to take a break from the event.  However, on August 15, 2012, it was announced by Excel Sports Management that the first new match in seven years had been scheduled.  It took place on October 29, 2012 at Lake Jinsha International Golf Club in China, and featured World No. 2 Woods facing World No. 1 and PGA Champion Rory McIlroy.[7]



Mark Francis O'Meara (born January 13, 1957) is an American professional golfer.  He was a tournament winner on the PGA Tour and around the world from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s. He spent nearly 200 weeks in the top-10 of the Official World Golf Ranking from their debut in 1986 to 2000.[2] He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2015.[3]

O'Meara was born in Goldsboro, North Carolina, but grew up in southern California in Mission Viejo. He took up golf at age 13, sneaking on to the nearby Mission Viejo Country Club. O'Meara later became an employee of the club and played on his high school golf team. He was an All-American at Long Beach State,[4] and won the U.S. Amateur in 1979, defeating defending champion John Cook 8 & 7 in the final.[5][6][7][8] He also won the California State Amateur Championship that year.

O'Meara was a former resident of Orlando, Florida and lived in the same neighborhood as Tiger Woods. The two became good friends and frequently golfed together during this time. O'Meara now resides in Houston, Texas.

TGR Foundation was established in 1996 by Tiger Woods and his father, Earl Woods, to create and support community-based programs that improve the health, education, and welfare of all children in America.  Currently, the foundation has established several programs and events such as the TGR Learning Labs, Hero World Challenge, Genesis Open, The National, and Tiger Jam which all benefit and impact the lives of millions of children.

The Tiger Woods Foundation is about empowering minorities, especially underprivileged minority students. The TGRF’s goal is for these students to be given the support and resources needed to be successful in school and beyond. In over the 20 years that this foundation has been opened they have served more than 175,000 students, as well as employing 1,000 educators each year. The foundation has been so successful due to its goal of “developing self-advocacy skills in young people,” that their students have a 98.7% college graduation rate, which is one of the highest graduation rates of a scholarship program in the country. 

One of the greatest things about this foundation is that Tiger Woods created this program because he saw a hole in the society that he wanted to fill. He created this foundation because "I wanted a permanent, safe space for kids to explore their dreams" -Tiger Woods. He founded this program to help impoverished children and young adults, and in the past 22 years of it being opened, he has exceeded all expectations of this foundation.





David Spencer Gossett (born April 28, 1979) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour and the Web.com Tour (formerly the Nationwide Tour).

Gossett was born in Phoenix, Arizona. His father introduced him to the game of golf and he competed in his first tournament at age 10. He went to Germantown High School in Germantown, Tennessee.[2] Gossett attended the University of Texas, and was a two-time first-team All-American member of the golf team. He won the U.S. Amateur,[3] the Big 12 Championship, and was the Big 12 Student-Athlete of the Year in 1999. He was also a member of the Walker Cup team in 1999.[4] He turned pro in 2000.

As winner of the U.S. Amateur, Gossett was supposed to play in the U.S. Open in the same group as defending champion Payne Stewart, but Stewart perished in a plane crash in October 1999.



Justin Charles Garrett Leonard (born June 15, 1972) is an American professional golfer. He has twelve career wins on the PGA Tour, including one major, the 1997 Open Championship.

Born and raised in Dallas, Texas, Leonard attended Lake Highlands High School and graduated in 1990. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and was the individual NCAA champion in 1994. He won the 1992 U.S. Amateur and was a two-time All-American in 1993 and 1994. He won the Haskins Award in 1994 as the most outstanding collegiate golfer. That same year Leonard became only the fourth golfer to go directly from college to the PGA Tour without going through Q School, after Gary Hallberg, Scott Verplank, and Phil Mickelson.

Leonard's wins on the PGA Tour included one of golf's four majors, the 1997 Open Championship, as well as the 1998 Players Championship. He ranked in the top 10 of the Official World Golf Ranking for 24 weeks in 1998 and 1999.[2] Leonard also had opportunities to win other major championships, notably at the 1999 Open Championship and the 2004 PGA Championship; in both instances he fell into a playoff with a bogey on the 72nd hole.

Richard Michael Beem (born August 24, 1970) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and is best known for his upset victory at the 2002 PGA Championship.

Beem was born in Phoenix, Arizona, grew up in El Paso, Texas, and played college golf at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces.

Beem turned professional in 1994. His early career was broken up by a spell in Seattle selling car stereos and cell phones. He later regained interest after J. P. Hayes won the 1998 Buick Classic [1].

This changed in 1999 when Beem won the Kemper Open as a rookie. His career took a further leap forward in 2002 with a victory at The International in Castle Rock, Colorado.

Paul David Goydos (born June 20, 1964) is an American professional golfer who has played on the Ben Hogan Tour, PGA Tour and PGA Tour Champions.

Goydos was born and raised in Long Beach, California and is the youngest of three brothers. He began golfing at a very young age, winning his local course championship while still in junior high school. He attended Woodrow Wilson Classical High School, and went on to attend Long Beach State University on a golf scholarship. He graduated with a BA in finance and worked for a short time as a substitute teacher at an inner city high school. He turned pro in 1989 and started out as a struggling mini-tour player, supplementing his income by continuing to work as a substitute teacher.

In 1991 and 1992, he played on the Ben Hogan Tour (now Korn Ferry Tour), earning one victory at the 1992 Ben Hogan Yuma Open. He earned his PGA Tour card for 1993 by going through Qualifying School.

Goydos won two PGA Tour events – the 1996 Bay Hill Invitational and the 2007 Sony Open in Hawaii. He has amassed more than 40 top-10 finishes and has more than $10 million in career earnings. His best finish in a major was a T-12 at the 1999 U.S. Open.[2]



John Neuman Cook (born October 2, 1957) is an American professional golfer, who won eleven times on the PGA Tour and was a member of the Ryder Cup team in 1993. He was ranked in the top ten of the Official World Golf Ranking for 45 weeks in 1992 and 1993.[2] Cook currently plays on the PGA Tour Champions and is a studio analyst on Golf Channel.

Born in Toledo, Ohio, Cook is the son of PGA Tour official Jim Cook and grew up in southern California.[3] He attended Miraleste High School in Rancho Palos Verdes and graduated in 1976.[4] In addition to golf, Cook was a promising but undersized quarterback in football through his sophomore year. He was advised by his high school golf coach (who also coached football) to concentrate on golf, which would give him his best opportunity for a collegiate scholarship. The coach, Wilbur Lucas, later said it was the only time he suggested an athlete drop a sport.[5] Cook was also coached by former PGA Tour star Ken Venturi.[6]

Cook was offered a scholarship to Ohio State University in Columbus, and was personally advised to accept by Jack Nicklaus and Tom Weiskopf. He was a member of the Buckeyes' 1979 NCAA Championship team, which also included Joey Sindelar.[3][7][8]



James Kenneth Perry (born August 10, 1960) is an American professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour Champions. He won 14 PGA Tour events and has won nine PGA Tour Champions events including four senior major championships: the 2013 Constellation Senior Players Championship, the 2013 U.S. Senior Open, the 2014 Regions Tradition, and the 2017 U.S. Senior Open.

Perry was born in Elizabethtown, Kentucky and raised in Franklin, Kentucky. His parents are Ken and Mildred Perry. He was introduced to the game of golf by his father at the age of seven.[2] He started his high school golf career at Franklin-Simpson High School. Shortly thereafter, his father accepted a job opportunity in McCracken County a few miles outside Paducah, Kentucky. Kenny attended high school and played on the golf team at McCracken County's Lone Oak High School, near Paducah.  After graduating from Lone Oak, he attended Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green.

Perry has three children (Lesslye (Harris), Justin and Lindsey) with his wife, Sandy Perry. His son Justin played on Western Kentucky University's golf team, and has also caddied for his father on several occasions. His mother, Mildred, died on October 1, 2009, at the age of 79 at her home in Franklin while under Hospice care after a long battle with multiple myeloma a cancer of the plasma cells in bone marrow.[2] Perry is a member and deacon of Franklin Church of Christ in Franklin, Kentucky.[3]

The 2007 Masters Tournament was the 71st Masters Tournament, held April 5–8 at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia. Zach Johnson won his first major championship, two strokes ahead of runners-up Retief Goosen, Rory Sabbatini, and Tiger Woods.[1] Cool temperatures and gusty winds on the weekend resulted in high scores for the field; Johnson's 289 (+1) tied for the highest winning score ever.[2]

Johnson's victory dispelled the notion that only long-hitters could win the Masters. He did not reach a single par five hole in two during the entire tournament, yet played the par fives better than anyone in the field with 11 birdies and no bogeys.

This was the final Masters appearance for two-time champion Seve Ballesteros.

The Masters has the smallest field of the four major championships; only 97 players were invited to compete in the 2007 tournament. Officially, the Masters remains an invitational event, despite its qualification process. In theory, the club could decline to invite a 'qualified' player.

Robert Anthony May (born October 6, 1968) is an American professional golfer. He lost to Tiger Woods in a three-hole playoff for the 2000 PGA Championship at Valhalla.

May attended Oklahoma State University[1] and was a member of the 1991 Walker Cup American team before turning professional later that year.

May joined the PGA Tour in 1994. He did not win on the Tour, but he finished second three times, including a playoff loss to Tiger Woods at the 2000 PGA Championship at Valhalla, and most recently at the 2006 B.C. Open at Turning Stone Resort & Casino, where he lost by one to John Rollins. However he won the 1999 Victor Chandler British Masters on the European Tour. His career was curtailed by a back injury in 2003, and in 2006 he played the PGA Tour on a Major Medical Exemption. After the 2007 season he lost his PGA Tour card.

From 2008 through 2010, May played primarily on the Nationwide Tour (now the Korn Ferry Tour) along with some PGA Tour events. May lost his status on the minor-league tour after missing 15 of 25 cuts in 2010; he played in only eight tournaments in 2011 and just twice in 2012.[3]

The Official World Golf Ranking is a system for rating the performance level of male professional golfers. It was started in 1986.

The rankings are based on a player's position in individual tournaments (i.e. not pairs or team events) over a "rolling" two-year period. New rankings are produced each week. During 2018, nearly 400 tournaments on 20 tours were covered by the ranking system. All players competing in these tournaments are included in the rankings. In 2019, 23 tours will factor into the world rankings.

As well as being of general interest, the rankings have an additional importance, in that they are used as one of the qualifying criteria for entry into a number of leading tournaments.

The ranking system is endorsed by the four major championships and six major professional tours, five of which are charter members of the International Federation of PGA Tours:

The 2016 PGA Tour Champions was the 37th season of PGA Tour Champions, a golf tour operated by the PGA Tour for men's golfers age 50 and over. The tour officially began in 1980 as the Senior PGA Tour, and was known by that name through 2002. It then was known as the Champions Tour from 2003 through 2015, after which it was rebranded as "PGA Tour Champions".

This season was the first for a playoff system to determine the winner of the Charles Schwab Cup as season champion. The playoff, similar to that used by the regular PGA Tour for the FedEx Cup, consists of three events and ends with the season-ending Charles Schwab Cup Championship.[1]

The following table shows the official money events for the 2016 season.[2] "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they will have on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold. 

Scoring average leaders



Eldrick Tont "Tiger" Woods (born December 30, 1975) is an American professional golfer. He is tied for first in PGA Tour wins and ranks second in men's major championships and also holds numerous golf records.[5] Woods is widely regarded as one of the greatest golfers, and one of the most famous athletes of all time. He will be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2021.[6]

Following an outstanding junior, college, and amateur golf career, Woods turned professional in 1996 at the age of 20. By the end of April 1997, he had won three PGA Tour events in addition to his first major, the 1997 Masters, which he won by 12 strokes in a record-breaking performance. He reached number one in the world rankings for the first time in June 1997, less than a year after turning pro. Throughout the first decade of the 21st century, Woods was the dominant force in golf. He was the top-ranked golfer in the world from August 1999 to September 2004 (264 weeks) and again from June 2005 to October 2010 (281 weeks). During this time, he won 13 of golf's major championships.

The next decade of Woods' career was marked by comebacks from personal problems and injuries. He took a self-imposed hiatus from professional golf from December 2009 to early April 2010 in an attempt to resolve marital issues with his then-wife, Elin. Woods admitted to multiple infidelities, and the couple eventually divorced.[7] Woods fell to number 58 in the world rankings in November 2011 before ascending again to the No.1 ranking between March 2013 and May 2014.[8][9] However, injuries led him to undergo four back surgeries between 2014 and 2017.[10] Woods competed in only one tournament between August 2015 and January 2018, and he dropped off the list of the world's top 1,000 golfers.[11][12]  On his return to regular competition, Woods made steady progress to the top of the game, winning his first tournament in five years at the Tour Championship in September 2018 and his first major in 11 years at the 2019 Masters.





Batman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger,[2][3] and first appeared in Detective Comics #27 in 1939. Originally named the "Bat-Man," the character is also referred to by such epithets as the Caped Crusader, the Dark Knight, and the World's Greatest Detective.[6]

Batman's secret identity is Bruce Wayne, a wealthy American playboy, philanthropist, and owner of Wayne Enterprises. Batman originated from an incident in Bruce's childhood; after witnessing the murder of his parents Dr. Thomas Wayne and Martha Wayne, he swore vengeance against criminals, an oath tempered by a sense of justice. Bruce trains himself physically and intellectually and crafts a bat-inspired persona to fight crime.[7]



The Joker is a supervillain created by Bill Finger, Bob Kane, and Jerry Robinson who first appeared in the debut issue of the comic book Batman (April 25, 1940), published by DC Comics. Credit for the Joker's creation is disputed; Kane and Robinson claimed responsibility for the Joker's design while acknowledging Finger's writing contribution. Although the Joker was planned to be killed off during his initial appearance, he was spared by editorial intervention, allowing the character to endure as the archenemy of the superhero Batman.

In his comic book appearances, the Joker is portrayed as a criminal mastermind. Introduced as a psychopath with a warped, sadistic sense of humor; the character became a goofy prankster in the late 1950s in response to regulation by the Comics Code Authority, before returning to his darker roots during the early 1970s. As Batman's nemesis, the Joker has been part of the superhero's defining stories, including the murder of Jason Todd—the second Robin and Batman's ward—and the paralysis of one of Batman's allies, Barbara Gordon. The Joker has had various possible origin stories during his decades of appearances. The most common story involves him falling into a tank of chemical waste that bleaches his skin white and turns his hair green and lips bright red; the resulting disfigurement drives him insane. The antithesis of Batman in personality and appearance, the Joker is considered by critics to be his perfect adversary.

The Joker possesses no superhuman abilities, instead using his expertise in chemical engineering to develop poisonous or lethal concoctions and thematic weaponry, including razor-tipped playing cards, deadly joy buzzers, and acid-spraying lapel flowers. The Joker sometimes works with other Gotham City supervillains, such as the Penguin and Two-Face, and groups like the Injustice Gang and Injustice League, but these relationships often collapse due to the Joker's desire for unbridled chaos. The 1990s introduced a romantic interest for the Joker in his former psychiatrist, Harley Quinn, who becomes his villainous sidekick. Although his primary obsession is Batman, the Joker has also fought other heroes, including Superman and Wonder Woman.





Superman is a fictional superhero. The character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, and first appeared in Action Comics #1, a comic book published on April 18, 1938.[1] The character regularly appears in comic books published by DC Comics, and has been adapted to a number of radio serials, movies, and television shows.

Superman was born on the planet Krypton and was given the name Kal-El at birth. As a baby, his parents sent him to Earth in a small spaceship moments before Krypton was destroyed in a natural cataclysm. His ship landed in the American countryside, near the fictional town of Smallville. He was found and adopted by farmers Jonathan and Martha Kent, who named him Clark Kent. Clark developed various superhuman abilities, such as incredible strength and impervious skin. His foster parents advised him to use his abilities for the benefit of humanity, and he decided to fight crime as a vigilante. To protect his privacy, he changes into a colorful costume and uses the alias "Superman" when fighting crime. Clark Kent resides in the fictional American city of Metropolis, where he works as a journalist for the Daily Planet. Superman's supporting characters include his love interest and fellow journalist Lois Lane, Daily Planet photographer Jimmy Olsen and editor-in-chief Perry White. His most well-known villain is Lex Luthor. Superman is part of the DC Universe, and as such often appears in stories alongside other DC Universe heroes such as Batman and Wonder Woman.



Robin is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was originally created by Bob Kane, Bill Finger, and Jerry Robinson, to serve as a junior counterpart to the superhero Batman. The character's first incarnation, Dick Grayson, debuted in Detective Comics #38 (April 1940). Conceived as a way to attract young readership, Robin garnered overwhelmingly positive critical reception, doubling the sales of the Batman titles.[1] The early adventures of Robin included Star Spangled Comics #65–130 (1947–1952), which was the character's first solo feature. Robin made regular appearances in Batman related comic books and other DC Comics publications from 1940 through the early 1980s until the character set aside the Robin identity and became the independent superhero Nightwing. The team of Batman and Robin has commonly been referred to as the Caped Crusaders or Dynamic Duo.[2]

The character's second incarnation Jason Todd first appeared in Batman #357 (1983). This Robin made regular appearances in Batman related comic books until 1988, when the character was murdered by the Joker in the storyline "A Death in the Family" (1989). Jason would later find himself alive after a reality changing incident, eventually becoming the Red Hood. The premiere Robin limited series was published in 1991 which featured the character's third incarnation Tim Drake training to earn the role of Batman's vigilante partner. Following two successful sequels, the monthly Robin ongoing series began in 1993 and ended in early 2009, which also helped his transition from sidekick to a superhero in his own right. In 2004 storylines, established DC Comics character Stephanie Brown became the fourth Robin for a short duration before the role reverted to Tim Drake. Damian Wayne succeeds Drake as Robin in the 2009 story arc "Battle for the Cowl".

Following the 2011 continuity reboot "the New 52", Tim Drake was revised as having assumed the title Red Robin, and Jason Todd, operating as the Red Hood, was slowly repairing his relationship with Batman. Dick Grayson resumed his role as Nightwing and Stephanie Brown was introduced anew under her previous moniker Spoiler in the pages of Batman Eternal (2014). The 2016 DC Rebirth continuity relaunch starts off with Damian Wayne as Robin, Tim Drake as Red Robin, Jason Todd as Red Hood, and Dick Grayson as Nightwing. Robins have also been featured throughout stories set in parallel worlds, owing to DC Comics' longstanding "Multiverse" concept. For example, in the original Earth-Two, Dick Grayson never adopted the name Nightwing, and continues operating as Robin into adulthood. In the New 52's "Earth-2" continuity, Robin is Helena Wayne, daughter of  Batman and Catwoman, who was stranded on the Earth of the main continuity and takes the name Huntress.[3]

The Riddler (Edward Nigma, also known as Edward Nygma or Edward Nashton) is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics, created by Bill Finger and Dick Sprang. He first appeared in Detective Comics #140 (October 1948). The character is commonly depicted as a criminal mastermind in Gotham City who takes delight in incorporating riddles and puzzles into his schemes, leaving them as clues for the authorities to solve. The Riddler is one of the most enduring enemies of superhero Batman and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up his rogues gallery.[1]

In 2009, The Riddler was ranked as IGN's 59th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.[2] The character has been substantially adapted from the comics into various forms of media, including feature films, television series, and video games. The Riddler has been voiced by John Glover in the DC animated universe, Robert Englund in The Batman, and Wally Wingert in the Batman: Arkham video game series. He has been portrayed in live-action by Frank Gorshin and John Astin in the 1960s Batman television series, Jim Carrey in the 1995 film Batman Forever, Cory Michael Smith in the television series Gotham and will be played by Paul Dano in the 2021 forthcoming DC Extended Universe film The Batman.

The Riddler has an obsession with riddles, puzzles, and word games. The character frequently delights in over-stating his "intellectual superiority" and on forewarning both Batman and the police of his capers by sending them complex clues.[3] His name is a pun itself, Edward Nigma (Enigma – a person or thing that is difficult to understand). With this self-conscious use of a gimmick, Riddler's crimes are flamboyant and ostentatious and usually he is depicted as less violent than other major Batman villains such as the Joker or Two-Face. The character is depicted as wearing a domino mask either with a green suit and bowler hat, or a green unitard with question mark prints. A black, green, or purple question mark serves as his visual motif.

The character's origin story recounts that the Riddler, whose real name is Edward Nigma (Edward Nashton, or Nygma per later writers), becomes fascinated with puzzles at a young age. After a teacher announces that a contest will be held over who can solve a puzzle the fastest, Nigma sets his sights on winning this, craving the glory and satisfaction that will come with the victory. He breaks into the school at night to practice the puzzle until he is able to solve it in under a minute. Due to this he wins the contest and is given a book of riddles as a prize. His cheating rewarded, Edward embraced the mastery of puzzles of all kinds, eventually becoming a carnival employee who excelled at cheating his customers out of their money with his bizarre puzzles and mind games.

Richard John Grayson is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Batman. Created by writer Bill Finger and artist Bob Kane, he first appeared in Detective Comics #38 in April 1940 as the original and most popular incarnation of  Robin. In Tales of the Teen Titans #44 (July 1984) the character retires his role as Robin and assumes the superhero persona of Nightwing (created by Marv Wolfman and artist George Pérez).

The youngest in a family of acrobats known as the "Flying Graysons", Richard watches a mafia boss named Tony Zucco kill his parents in order to extort money from the circus that employed them. After the tragic murder, Batman (Bruce Wayne) takes Richard (Dick) in as his legal ward (retconned as an adopted son in some cases) and trains him to become his crime-fighting partner Robin. He is written by many authors as the first son of Batman.[2] As well as being Batman's crime-fighting partner, Dick establishes himself as the leader of the Teen Titans, a team of teenage superheroes. As a young man, he retires as Robin and takes on his own superhero identity to assert his independence, becoming Nightwing. As Nightwing, he continues to lead the Teen Titans and later the Outsiders. In the first volume of his eponymous series (1996–2009), he becomes the protector of Blüdhaven, Gotham's economically troubled neighboring city, the locale the character is most closely associated with. He has also been depicted as protecting the streets of New York, Chicago, and Gotham City over the years.

Dick Grayson has taken on the identity of Batman on a few occasions. In the aftermath of "Batman: Knightfall", Grayson was not offered the role of Batman while the original was recovering from a broken back as Bruce felt that Nightwing is a hero in his own right and not Batman's understudy, but after the events of the Zero Hour miniseries later that year, he replaces Bruce Wayne as Batman, beginning in Robin #0 (1994) and extending throughout the Batman: Prodigal storyline in 1995. Dick again assumes the mantle following the events of "Batman R.I.P." (2008) and Final Crisis (2008–2009). As Batman, Dick moves to Gotham City following his mentor's apparent death and partners with the fifth Robin, Damian Wayne. On Bruce's return, both men maintained the Batman identity until 2011, when Dick returned to the Nightwing identity with DC's The New 52 continuity reboot. In a 2014 comic story, Dick is forced to abandon the Nightwing identity after being unmasked on TV and faking his death, setting up Tim Seeley's Grayson comic book, Dick becomes Agent 37, Batman's mole in the nefarious spy organization Spyral. Following the conclusion of the Grayson series, and the restoration of his secret identity in the series' final issue,[3] Dick returns to being Nightwing as part of the DC Rebirth relaunch in 2016.

Dick Grayson has appeared as Robin (Batman's sidekick) in several other media adaptations: the 1943 serial played by Douglas Croft, the 1949 serial played by Johnny Duncan, the 1966–1968 live action Batman television series and its motion picture portrayed by Burt Ward, played by Chris O'Donnell in the 1995 film Batman Forever and its 1997 sequel Batman & Robin. Dick Grayson appears in the Titans television series for the new DC streaming service played by Brenton Thwaites. Loren Lester voiced the character Robin in Batman: The Animated Series and later as Nightwing's first screen adaptation in The New Batman Adventures, and Batman's accidentally adopted son in The Lego Batman Movie. In May 2011, IGN ranked Dick Grayson #11 on their list of the "Top 100 Super Heroes of All Time".[4] In 2013, ComicsAlliance ranked Grayson as Nightwing as #1 on their list of the "50 Sexiest Male Characters in Comics".[5]





Batman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger,[2][3] and first appeared in Detective Comics #27 in 1939. Originally named the "Bat-Man," the character is also referred to by such epithets as the Caped Crusader, the Dark Knight, and the World's Greatest Detective.[6]

Batman's secret identity is Bruce Wayne, a wealthy American playboy, philanthropist, and owner of Wayne Enterprises. Batman originated from an incident in Bruce's childhood; after witnessing the murder of his parents Dr. Thomas Wayne and Martha Wayne, he swore vengeance against criminals, an oath tempered by a sense of justice. Bruce trains himself physically and intellectually and crafts a bat-inspired persona to fight crime.[7]



Gotham City (/ˈɡɒθəm/ GOTH-əm), or simply Gotham, is a fictional city appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, best known as the home of Batman. The city was first identified as Batman's place of residence in Batman #4 (December 1940) and has since been the primary setting for stories featuring the character.

Gotham City is traditionally depicted as being located in the U.S. state of New Jersey.[1][2][3][4][5][6] Over the years, Gotham's look and atmosphere has been influenced by cities such as New York City[7][8] and Chicago.[9][10]

Locations used as inspiration or filming locations for Gotham City in the live-action Batman films and television series have included New York City, New Jersey, Chicago, Vancouver, Detroit, Pittsburgh, Los Angeles, London, Toronto, and Hong Kong.

Green Arrow is a fictional superhero who appears in comic books published by DC Comics. Created by Mort Weisinger and designed by George Papp, he first appeared in More Fun Comics #73 in November 1941. His real name is Oliver Jonas Queen, a wealthy businessman and owner of Queen Industries who is also a well-known celebrity in Star City. He uses this position to hide the fact that he is the Arrow.[1] Sometimes shown dressed like the character Robin Hood, Green Arrow is an archer who uses his skills to fight crime in his home cities of Star City and Seattle, as well as alongside his fellow superheroes as a member of the Justice League. Though much less frequently used in modern stories, he also deploys a range of trick arrows (in contemporary times, they are referred as "specialty arrows"[2]) with various special functions, such as glue, explosive-tipped, grappling hook, flash grenade, tear gas and even kryptonite arrows for use in a range of special situations. At the time of his debut, Green Arrow functioned in many ways as an archery-themed analogue of the very popular Batman character, but writers at DC subsequently developed him into a voice of left-wing politics very much distinct in character from Batman.

Green Arrow enjoyed moderate success in his early years, becoming the cover feature of More Fun, as well as having occasional appearances in other comics. Throughout his first twenty-five years, however, the character never enjoyed greater popularity. In the late 1960s, writer Denny O'Neil, inspired by the character's dramatic visual redesign by Neal Adams, chose to have him lose his fortune, giving him the then-unique role of a streetwise crusader for the working class and the disadvantaged. In 1970, he was paired with a more law and order-oriented hero, Green Lantern, in a ground-breaking, socially conscious comic book series.[3] Since then, he has been popular among comic book fans and most writers have taken an urban, gritty approach to the character. The character was killed off in the 1990s and replaced by a new character, Oliver's son Connor Hawke. Connor, however, proved a less popular character, and the original Oliver Queen character was resurrected in the 2001 "Quiver" storyline, by writer Kevin Smith. In the 2000s, the character has been featured in bigger storylines focusing on Green Arrow and Black Canary, such as the DC event The Green Arrow/Black Canary Wedding and the high-profile Justice League: Cry for Justice storyline, prior to the character's relaunch alongside most of DC's properties in 2011.

Green Arrow was not initially a well-known character outside of comic book fandom: he had appeared in a single episode of the animated series Super Friends in 1973. In the 2000s, the character appeared in a number of DC television properties, including the animated series Justice League Unlimited, Young Justice, The Batman and Batman: The Brave and the Bold, and several DC Universe Animated Original Movies. In live action, he appeared in the series Smallville, played by actor Justin Hartley, and became a core cast member. In 2012, the live action series Arrow debuted on The CW, in which the title character was portrayed by Stephen Amell, and launching several spin-off series, becoming the starting point for a shared television franchise called the Arrowverse.

Green Arrow and Speedy first appeared in More Fun Comics #73 (cover-dated November 1941), which was illustrated by artist George Papp. When Mort Weisinger was creating the character, aside from the obvious allusions to Robin Hood, he took inspiration from a movie serial, The Green Archer, based on the novel by Edgar Wallace. He retooled the concept into a superhero archer with obvious Batman influences.[4] These include Green Arrow's sidekick Speedy, his use of an Arrowcar and Arrow-Plane for transportation, his use of an Arrow-Cave as his headquarters, his alter ego as a wealthy playboy, the use of an Arrow-Signal to summon him, as well as a clown-like arch foe named Bull's Eye, similar to Batman's arch-foe, the Joker. His and Speedy's first origin stories were told in More Fun Comics #89.



Barbara Gordon is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman. The character was created by television producer William Dozier, editor Julius Schwartz, writer Gardner Fox  and artist Carmine Infantino. Dozier, the producer of the 1960s Batman television series, requested Schwartz to call for a new female counterpart to the superhero Batman that could be introduced into publication and the third season of the show simultaneously. The character subsequently made her first comic book appearance as Batgirl in Detective Comics #359, titled "The Million Dollar Debut of Batgirl!" (January 1967), by Fox and Infantino,[1] allowing her to be introduced into the television series, portrayed by actress Yvonne Craig, in the season 3 premiere "Enter Batgirl, Exit Penguin", in September that same year.

Barbara Gordon is the daughter of Gotham City police commissioner James Gordon, the sister of James Gordon Jr., and is initially employed as head of the Gotham City Public Library. Although the character appeared in various DC Comics publications, she was prominently featured in Batman Family which debuted in 1975, partnered with the original Robin, Dick Grayson. In 1988, following the editorial retirement of the character's Batgirl persona in Batgirl Special #1, the graphic novel Batman: The Killing Joke depicts the Joker shooting her through the spinal cord in her civilian identity, resulting in paraplegia. In subsequent stories, the character was reestablished as a technical advisor, computer expert and information broker known as Oracle. Providing intelligence and computer hacking services to assist other superheroes, she makes her first appearance as Oracle in Suicide Squad #23 (1989) and later became a featured lead of the Birds of Prey series. Reverting the character to her Batgirl persona, DC Comics relaunched its comic book titles in 2011 during The New 52 event, featuring her in the eponymous Batgirl monthly title as well as Birds of Prey. These changes were retained for the second company wide relaunch in 2016 known as DC Rebirth.

The character was a popular comic book figure during the Silver Age of Comic Books, due to her appearances in the Batman television series and continued media exposure. She has achieved similar popularity in the Modern Age of Comic Books under the Birds of Prey publication and as a disabled icon. The character has been the subject of academic analysis concerning the roles of women, librarians and disabled people in mainstream media. The events of The Killing Joke, which led to the character's paralysis, as well as the restoration of her mobility, has also been a subject of debate among comic book writers, artists, editors and readership. Viewpoints range from sexism in comic books, to the limited visibility of disabled characters and the practicality of disabilities existing in a fictional universe where magic, technology, and medical science exceed the limitations of the real world.



Batman is an ongoing American comic book series featuring the DC Comics superhero Batman as its main protagonist. The character first appeared in Detective Comics #27 (cover dated May 1939). Batman proved to be so popular that a self-titled ongoing comic book series began publication with a cover date of spring 1940.[2][3] It was first advertised in early April 1940, one month after the first appearance of his new sidekick, Robin the Boy Wonder. Batman comics have proven to be popular since the 1940s.

Though the Batman comic book was initially launched as a quarterly publication, it later became a bimonthly series through the late 1950s, after which it became a monthly publication and has remained so ever since. 

In September 2011, The New 52 rebooted DC's continuity. In this new timeline, the original Batman series ended and was relaunched with a new first issue.

James W. Gordon is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, most commonly in association with the superhero Batman. The character debuted in the first panel of Detective Comics #27 (May 1939), Batman's first appearance, where he is referred to simply as Commissioner Gordon. The character was created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane. Commissioner Gordon made his debut as an ally of Batman, making him the first Batman supporting character ever to be introduced.[2]

As the police commissioner of Gotham City, Gordon shares Batman's deep commitment to ridding the city of crime. The character is typically portrayed as having full trust in Batman and is even somewhat dependent on him. In many modern stories, he is somewhat skeptical of Batman's vigilante methods, but nevertheless believes that Gotham needs him. The two have a mutual respect and tacit friendship. Gordon is the father or adoptive father (depending on the continuity) of Barbara Gordon, the first modern Batgirl and the information broker Oracle. Jim Gordon also has a son, James Gordon Jr., who first appeared in Batman: Year One.

One of Batman's most notable and enduring supporting characters, he has appeared in various forms of non-comics media, and has been portrayed in live action by Neil Hamilton, Ben McKenzie, Lyle Talbot, Pat Hingle, Gary Oldman, J. K. Simmons, and Jeffrey Wright.

Created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane, Gordon debuted in the first panel of Detective Comics #27 (May 1939), in which he is referred to simply as Commissioner Gordon. The character's name was taken from the earlier pulp character commissioner James W. "Wildcat" Gordon, also known as "The Whisperer", created in 1936 by Henry Ralston, John Nanovic, and Lawrence Donovan for Street & Smith.

Detective Comics is an American comic book series published by DC Comics. The first volume, published from 1937 to 2011 (and later continued in 2016), is best known for introducing the superhero Batman in Detective Comics #27 (cover-dated May 1939).

A second series of the same title was launched in the fall of 2011, but in 2016, reverted to the original volume numbering. The series is the source of its publishing company's name, and—along with Action Comics, the series that launched with the debut of Superman—one of the medium's signature series. The series published 881 issues between 1937 and 2011 and is the longest continuously published comic book in the United States.[1][Note 1]

Detective Comics was the final publication of the entrepreneur Major Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson, whose comics company, National Allied Publications, would evolve into DC Comics, one of the world's two largest comic book publishers, though long after its founder had left it. Wheeler-Nicholson's first two titles were the landmark New Fun: The Big Comic Magazine #1 (cover-dated Feb. 1935), colloquially called New Fun Comics #1 and the first such early comic book to contain all-original content, rather than a mix of newspaper comic strips and comic-strip-style new material. His second effort, New Comics #1, would be retitled twice to become Adventure Comics, another seminal series that ran for decades until issue #503 in 1983, and was later revived in 2009.

The third and final title published under his aegis would be Detective Comics, advertised with a cover illustration dated December 1936, but eventually premiering three months later, with a March 1937 cover date.  Wheeler-Nicholson was in debt to printing-plant owner and magazine distributor Harry Donenfeld, who was, as well, a pulp-magazine publisher and a principal in the magazine distributorship Independent News. Wheeler-Nicholson took Donenfeld on as a partner in order to publish Detective Comics #1 through the newly-formed Detective Comics, Inc., with Wheeler-Nicholson and Jack S. Liebowitz, Donenfeld's accountant, listed as owners.[2] Wheeler-Nicholson was forced out a year later.



Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a founding member of the Justice League. The character first appeared in All Star Comics #8 in October 1941[1] with her first feature in Sensation Comics #1 in January 1942. The Wonder Woman title has been published by DC Comics almost continuously except for a brief hiatus in 1986.[3] In her homeland, the island nation of Themyscira, her official title is Princess Diana of Themyscira. When blending into the society outside of her homeland, she sometimes adopts her civilian identity Diana Prince.[4]

Wonder Woman was created by the American psychologist and writer William Moulton Marston (pen name: Charles Moulton),[2] and artist Harry G. Peter. Marston's wife, Elizabeth, and their life partner, Olive Byrne,[5] are credited as being his inspiration for the character's appearance.[2][6][7][8][9] Marston's comics featured his ideas on DISC theory,[10] and the character drew a great deal of inspiration from early feminists, and especially from birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger; in particular, her piece "Woman and the New Race".

Wonder Woman's origin story relates that she was sculpted from clay by her mother Queen Hippolyta and was given a life to live as an Amazon, along with superhuman powers as gifts by the Greek gods. In recent years, DC changed her background with the retcon that she is the daughter of Zeus and Hippolyta, jointly raised by her mother and her aunts Antiope and Menalippe. The character has changed in depiction over the decades, including briefly losing her powers entirely in the late 1960s; by the 1980s, artist George Perez gave her an athletic look and emphasized her Amazonian heritage.[11][12] She possesses an arsenal of advanced technology, including the Lasso of Truth, a pair of indestructible bracelets, a tiara which serves as a projectile, and, in older stories, a range of devices based on Amazon technology.

Alfred Thaddeus Crane Pennyworth is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, most commonly in association with the superhero Batman.[1]

Pennyworth is depicted as Bruce Wayne's loyal and tireless butler, housekeeper, legal guardian, best friend, aide-de-camp, and surrogate father figure following the murders of Thomas and Martha Wayne. As a classically trained British actor and an ex-Special Operations Executive operative of honor and ethics with connections within the intelligence community, he has been called "Batman's batman".[2][3][4] He serves as Bruce's moral anchor while providing comic relief with his sarcastic and cynical attitude which often adds humor to dialogue with Batman. A vital part of the Batman mythos, Alfred was nominated for the Wizard Fan Award for Favorite Supporting Male Character in 1994.[5]

In non-comics media, the character has been portrayed by noted actors William Austin, Eric Wilton, Michael Gough, Michael Caine, Jeremy Irons and Douglas Hodge on film and by Alan Napier, Efrem Zimbalist Jr., Ian Abercrombie, David McCallum, and Sean Pertwee on television. Ralph Fiennes voiced Alfred in two animated films. A young version of Alfred, played by Jack Bannon, depicts him before he became the butler to the Wayne family in the television series Pennyworth. The character will be played by Andy Serkis in the 2021 DC Extended Universe film The Batman.

The character first appeared in Batman #16 (April 1943), by writer Don Cameron and artist Bob Kane. Evidence suggests that Alfred was created by the writers of the 1943 Batman serial—Victor McLeod, Leslie Swabacker, and Harry Fraser—and that DC Comics asked Don Cameron to write the first Alfred story, which was published prior to the serial's release.[6]





Catwoman is a fictional character created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Batman. The character made her debut as "the Cat" in Batman #1 (Spring 1940), and her real name is Selina Kyle. She is Batman's most enduring love interest and is known for her complex love-hate relationship with him.[3]

Catwoman is a Gotham City burglar who typically wears a tight, one-piece outfit and uses a bullwhip for a weapon. She was originally characterized as a supervillain and adversary of Batman, but she has been featured in a series since the 1990s which portrays her as an antiheroine, often doing the wrong things for the right reasons. The character thrived since her earliest appearances, but she took an extended hiatus from September 1954 to November 1966 due to the developing Comics Code Authority in 1954. These issues involved the rules regarding the development and portrayal of female characters that were in violation of the Comics Code, a code which is no longer in use. In the comics, Holly Robinson and Eiko Hasigawa have both adopted the Catwoman identity, apart from Selina Kyle.[4][5]

Bizarro (/bɪˈzɑːroʊ/) is a fictional supervillain  appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by writer Otto Binder and artist George Papp as a "mirror image" of Superman and first appeared in Superboy #68 (1958).[1]

Debuting in the Silver Age of Comic Books (1956 – c. 1970), the character has often been portrayed as an antagonist to Superman, though on occasion he also takes on an anti-hero role, and appeared in both comic books and graphic novels as well as other DC Comics-related products such as animated and live-action television series, trading cards, toys, and video games.

Bizarro debuted in Superboy #68 (cover-dated October 1958, but on sale in August[2]), writer Otto Binder casting the character as a Frankenstein's monster pastiche that possessed all the powers of Superboy.[3] Shunned for his unenviable appearance, the teen version of Bizarro only appeared in a single comic book story. An adult version appeared around the same time in the Superman daily newspaper comic strip written by Alvin Schwartz, debuting in Episode 105: "The Battle With Bizarro" (strips 6147–6242: August 25, 1958 to December 13, 1958). According to comics historian Mark Evanier, Schwartz long claimed that he originated the Bizarro concept prior to the character's appearance in Superboy.[4] The newspaper storyline introduced the strange speech patterns that became synonymous with the character, with all of Bizarro's comments meaning the opposite (e.g. "bad" means "good"). The newspaper version wore a "B" on his chest, as opposed to Superman's distinctive "S".[5]

Schwartz stated:[6]

Two-Face (Harvey Dent) is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman. The character was created by Bob Kane  and Bill Finger and first appeared in Detective Comics #66 (August 1942).[3] As one of Batman's most enduring enemies, Two-Face belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery.

Once an upstanding Gotham City District Attorney, Harvey Dent is hideously scarred on the left side of his face after mob boss Sal Maroni throws acidic chemicals at him during a court trial. He subsequently goes insane and adopts the "Two-Face" persona, becoming a criminal obsessed with the number two, the concept of duality and the conflict between good and evil. In later years, writers have portrayed Two-Face's obsession with chance and fate as the result of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and dissociative identity disorder. He obsessively makes all important decisions by flipping his former lucky charm, a two-headed coin which was damaged on one side by the acid as well. The modern version is established as having once been a personal friend and ally of James Gordon and Batman.[4]

The character has been featured in various media adaptations, such as feature films, television series and video games. Two-Face has been voiced by Richard Moll in the DC animated universe, Troy Baker in the Batman: Arkham series, Billy Dee Williams in The Lego Batman Movie, and William Shatner in Batman vs. Two-Face. His live-action portrayals include Billy Dee Williams in Batman (as Harvey Dent only), Tommy Lee Jones in Batman Forever, Aaron Eckhart in The Dark Knight, and Nicholas D'Agosto in the television series Gotham. In 2009, Two-Face was ranked #12 on IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time.[5]

Two-Face first appears in Detective Comics #66 with the name Harvey "Apollo" Kent;[3] later stories changed his name to "Harvey Dent" to avoid an association with Superman (Clark Kent).[6]

The Justice League is a team of fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The team was conceived by writer Gardner Fox during the Silver Age of Comic Books as a reimagining of the Golden Age's Justice Society of America. Originally consisting of Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Flash, Green Lantern, Aquaman and the Martian Manhunter, they first appeared together as the Justice League of America (JLA) in The Brave and the Bold #28 (March 1960).[1]

The Justice League's roster has rotated throughout the years, consisting of various superheroes from the DC Universe, such as The Atom, Big Barda, Black Canary, Black Lightning, Captain Marvel/Shazam, Cyborg, Green Arrow, Elongated Man, The Flash, Green Lantern, Hawkgirl, Hawkman, Metamorpho, Plastic Man, Power Girl, Orion, Red Tornado, Stargirl, and Zatanna. In The New 52 reboot, Cyborg replaced the Martian Manhunter as one of the seven founding members.

The team received its own comic book title called Justice League of America in November 1960. With The New 52 in 2011, DC Comics released a second volume of Justice League. In July 2016, the DC Rebirth initiative again relaunched the Justice League comic book titles with the third volume of Justice League. Since its inception, the team has been featured in various films, television programs, and video games.

Various comic book series featuring the Justice League have remained generally popular with fans since inception and, in most incarnations, its roster includes DC's most popular characters. The Justice League concept has also been adapted into various other entertainment media, including various forms of television from the classic Saturday morning Super Friends animated series (1973–1986), a live-action series of specials Legends of the Superheroes (1979), an unproduced Justice League of America live-action series (for which the pilot film exists), the acclaimed Justice League animated series (2001–2004), its sequel Justice League Unlimited (2004–2006) and Justice League Action (2016–present).

American comic book publishing company DC Comics has introduced many characters throughout its history, including numerous minor characters. These characters range from heroes, villains and supporting characters that appear infrequently to the same types of characters that only take part in a single story.
The Anti-Fate (Dr. Benjamin Stoner) is a former psychiatrist who became an enemy of Doctor Fate after being possessed by Typhon of the Lords of Chaos.

Before he was corrupted by Typhon, Benjamin Stoner was a chief psychiatrist at Arkham Asylum in Gotham City.[1]

Dr. Benjamin Stoner appears in Joker, portrayed by Frank Wood. He is depicted as Penny Fleck's therapist at Arkham State Hospital.

Strength of Hercules

Stamina of Atlas

Power of Zeus

Courage of Achilles





Batman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger,[2][3] and first appeared in Detective Comics #27 in 1939. Originally named the "Bat-Man," the character is also referred to by such epithets as the Caped Crusader, the Dark Knight, and the World's Greatest Detective.[6]

Batman's secret identity is Bruce Wayne, a wealthy American playboy, philanthropist, and owner of Wayne Enterprises. Batman originated from an incident in Bruce's childhood; after witnessing the murder of his parents Dr. Thomas Wayne and Martha Wayne, he swore vengeance against criminals, an oath tempered by a sense of justice. Bruce trains himself physically and intellectually and crafts a bat-inspired persona to fight crime.[7]

Other reasons this message may be displayed:



Michael Fred Phelps II[5] (born June 30, 1985)[6] is an American former competitive swimmer and the most successful and most decorated Olympian of all time,[7] with a total of 28 medals.[8] Phelps also holds the all-time records for Olympic gold medals (23),[9] Olympic gold medals in individual events (13), and Olympic medals in individual events (16).[10] When he won eight gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Games, Phelps broke fellow American swimmer Mark Spitz's 1972 record of seven first-place finishes at any single Olympic Games. At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Phelps had already tied the record of eight medals of any color at a single Games by winning six gold and two bronze medals. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Phelps won four gold and two silver medals, and at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, he won five gold medals and one silver. This made him the most successful athlete of the Games for the fourth Olympics in a row.[11][12]

Phelps is the long course world record holder in the men's 400-meter individual medley as well as the former long course world record holder in the 200-meter freestyle, 100-meter butterfly, 200-meter butterfly, and 200-meter individual medley. He has won 82 medals in major international long course competitions, of which 65 were gold, 14 silver, and three bronze, spanning the Olympics, the World Championships, and the Pan Pacific Championships. Phelps's international titles and record-breaking performances have earned him the World Swimmer of the Year Award eight times and American Swimmer of the Year Award eleven times, as well as the FINA Swimmer of the Year Award in 2012 and 2016. Phelps earned Sports Illustrated magazine's Sportsman of the Year award due to his unprecedented Olympic success in the 2008 Games.

After the 2008 Summer Olympics, Phelps started the Michael Phelps Foundation, which focuses on growing the sport of swimming and promoting healthier lifestyles. Phelps retired following the 2012 Olympics, but he made a comeback in April 2014.[13] At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro,[14] his fifth Olympics, he was selected by his team to be the flag bearer of the United States at the 2016 Summer Olympics Parade of Nations. He announced his second retirement on August 12, 2016,[15] having won more medals than 161 countries. He is often considered the greatest swimmer of all time.



Ryan Steven Lochte (/ˈlɒkti/ LOK-tee; born August 3, 1984) is an American competitive swimmer and 12-time Olympic medalist. Along with Natalie Coughlin, Dara Torres, and Jenny Thompson, he is the second-most decorated swimmer in Olympic history measured by total number of medals, behind only Michael Phelps.[2] Lochte's seven individual Olympic medals rank second in history in men's swimming (again to Michael Phelps), tied for second among all Olympic swimmers. He currently holds the world records in the 200-meter individual medley (long and short course). As part of the American teams, he also holds the world record in the 4×200-meter freestyle (long course) and 4x100-meter freestyle (mixed) relay.

Lochte's success has earned him SwimSwam's Swammy Award for U.S. Male Swimmer of the Year in 2013,[3] the World Swimmer of the Year Award and the American Swimmer of the Year Award twice. He has also been named the FINA Swimmer of the Year three times. He has won a total of 90 medals in major international competition (54 gold, 22 silver, and 14 bronze) spanning the Olympics, the World Championships, Pan American Games, and Pan Pacific Championships, including six Olympic gold medals and 39 world championship titles.

Lochte specializes in the backstroke and individual medley, but is also a freestyle and butterfly swimmer. He is noted for the speed and distance he attains while kicking underwater. Lochte is also known for his dominance in the short course format (25-yard and 25-meter-long pools). Lochte swam the 100-meter individual medley in 50.71 seconds on December 15, 2012, at the FINA World Championships in Istanbul, Turkey. At this same event, he is also credited with swimming the fastest 200-meter individual medley, finishing in 1 minute 49.63 seconds.[4]



Kathryn Elise Hoff (born June 3, 1989) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder.  Though Hoff was known for her success in the 200- and 400-meter individual medley, she was a very capable swimmer in many events, ranging from the four 200-meter events to the 800-meter freestyle.  She represented the United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics and 2008 Summer Olympics, in which she captured a silver and two bronze medals.

Hoff qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics at the age of 15; she failed to medal in both of the events in which she competed.

At the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, Hoff set a championships record for her time of 2:10.41 in the women's 200 m individual medley.[1] Hoff received two more gold medals at the competition, one in the 400-meter medley and the other for the 4×200-meter freestyle, with teammates Natalie Coughlin, Whitney Myers, and Kaitlin Sandeno.

Klete D. Keller (born March 21, 1982) is an American former competition swimmer who won medals at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics in the 400-meter freestyle and the 4×200-meter freestyle relay. In the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, Keller held off a charging Ian Thorpe in the anchor leg to win the race by 0.13 seconds.  This was the first time Australia had been beaten in the event in over seven years. The American relay of Michael Phelps, Ryan Lochte, Peter Vanderkaay, and Keller are undefeated since the Athens games.  Vanderkaay, Larsen Jensen, Erik Vendt, and Keller make up the core of the premier American mid-distance/distance freestyle swimmers.

Klete was one of many 2000 Olympic medalists from The Race Club World Team, a summer swimming camp in Florida.[1]

Keller attended the University of Southern California for two years from 2000 to 2001, but left school to focus on swimming.[1] 
While at USC, Keller won multiple individual and relay Pac-10 and NCAA Championships in the 200, 500 and 1,650-yard freestyle, as well as freestyle relays.

Keller has also won many U.S. national titles and FINA world championship medals, primarily in 200 and 400-meter freestyles and the 4×200-meter free relay.



Chase Tyler Kalisz (born March 7, 1994) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in the individual medley, but also competes in the breaststroke and butterfly events.

At the 2013 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, Kalisz won silver in the 400-meter individual medley, finishing with a time of 4:09.22, which was half a second behind gold medal winner Daiya Seto of Japan.

Kalisz attends the University of Georgia, where he competed for the Georgia Bulldogs swimming and diving team.[1]  Kalisz won the 400-yard individual medley at the 2013 NCAA Championships in Indianapolis as a freshman, finishing with a time of 3:38.05.  The following year, Kalisz successfully defended his title and broke the American record in the 400-yard individual medley previously held by Tyler Clary with a time of 3:34.50.

T2 Aquatics Swim Club

Elizabeth Anne Pelton (born November 26, 1993) is an American former competitive swimmer and multi FINA world champion.

Pelton is an American swimmer and multiple FINA World Champion. She has been competing against at the world's best since 2009, at the age of 15. Pelton grew up in Fairfield, CT and swam for the Wilton Wahoos before moving to swim at Badger Swim Club in Larchmont, NY under esteemed coach John Collins. In 2006, Pelton moved to Baltimore, MD to swim with North Baltimore Aquatic Club, one of the most elite swim programs in the world. She trained with Paul Yetter, as well as Bob Bowman, coaches who produced Michael Phelps and Katie Hoff, among the other multiple Olympians from that site. Pelton trained at the T2 Aquatics Swim Club in 2012 in Naples, FL, under Paul Yetter. After 2012, Pelton began her college career at the University of California Berkeley, swimming under the 2012 head London Olympic Swimming Team Women's coach, Teri McKeever. McKeever has produced multiple olympians, in particular, the most decorated female Olympian in history, Natalie Coughlin. Some others included are Dana Vollmer, Emily Silver, Caitlin Leverenz, Rachel Bootsma, Kathleen Baker, and Sara Isokovic. Pelton recently announced her official retirement from the sport at the 2016 Swimming Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska. Pelton is a current student at UC Berkeley.[1] Elizabeth comes from a swimming family with her older brother Gregory swimming for Harvard, sister Mary who swims for University of Virginia, and younger brother William swimming for North Baltimore Aquatic Club. Her father also swam for Pittsburgh and is an MD at Columbia Medicine School.

At the 2009 U.S. Nationals and World Championship Trials, Pelton placed second in the 100-meter backstroke, 200-meter backstroke, and 200-meter individual medley, earning berths on the U.S. national team for the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome.  Pelton opted not to compete in the 200-meter individual medley in Rome because of a scheduling conflict with the 100-meter backstroke, and was replaced by Ariana Kukors for the event.  Pelton also opted to swim the 50-meter backstroke at the World Championships.



Natalie Anne Coughlin Hall (born August 23, 1982) is an American competition swimmer and twelve-time Olympic medalist. While attending the University of California, Berkeley, she became the first woman ever to swim the 100-meter backstroke (long course) in less than one minute—ten days before her 20th birthday in 2002.  At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she became the first U.S. female athlete in modern Olympic history to win six medals in one Olympiad, and the first woman ever to win a 100-meter backstroke gold in two consecutive Olympics.[1] At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she earned a bronze medal in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay.  Her total of twelve Olympic medals ties her with Jenny Thompson and Dara Torres for the most all-time medals by a female swimmer.

Coughlin's success has earned her the World Swimmer of the Year Award once and American Swimmer of the Year Award three times.  She has won a total of sixty medals in major international competition, twenty-five gold, twenty-two silver, and thirteen bronze spanning the Olympics, the World, the Pan Pacific Championships, and the Pan American Games.

Coughlin was born in Vallejo, California, the daughter of Jim and Zennie Coughlin.[2] She is of Irish and one quarter Filipino ancestry.[3] Coughlin first began swimming at Vallejo Aquatics Club when she was 8 years old, where she was coached by Tuffy Williams. [4]  She attended St. Catherine of Siena School in Vallejo, for kindergarten through eighth grade, and then Carondelet High School in Concord, California.  While in high school in 1998, she became the first swimmer to qualify for the Summer National in all fourteen events.[5] Coughlin broke two individual national high school records in the 200-yard individual medley (1:58.45) and the 100-yard backstroke (52.86).  She graduated from Carondelet High School in 2000.

Francis Townley Haas (born December 13, 1996) is an American swimmer specializing in freestyle events.  He currently represents the Cali Condors which is part of the International Swimming League. [3]

Haas grew up in Richmond, Virginia (where his family still lives)[4] and graduated from Benedictine College Prep.  Before his time at Texas he swam for Geoff Brown at Nova of Virginia Aquatics (NOVA), which sent nine swimmers to the 2016 Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska.[5]

He won the 500 yard freestyle and the 200 yard freestyle at the 2016 NCAA Men's Division I Swimming and diving Championship.[1] In 2016, he swam in a 4×200 free relay for Texas setting the US Open record and with the fastest relay split ever. In 2018, Haas broke the American and NCAA records in the 200-yard freestyle at the NCAA Championship meet with a time 1:29.50, becoming the second person under 1:30 after Blake Pieroni.[6]

In 2016, he placed first at the US Olympic Swimming trials in the 200 meter freestyle, qualifying for a spot on the US Olympic Team. Haas also placed third in the 400 m freestyle.



Jason Edward Lezak (born November 12, 1975) is an American swimming executive. He currently serves as the general manager of the Cali Condors which is part of the International Swimming League. He is a former American competition swimmer who specialized in the 50-meter and 100-meter freestyle races. Jason started swimming when he was very young, and, at the age of ten, participated in the junior Olympics. However, his interest in athletics spanned many sports – basketball, baseball, soccer, and water polo – several of which he continued to play in high school. It wasn’t until after his collegiate swimming career at the University of California, Santa Barbara that his professional rise began. His pro career lasted for nearly fifteen years, spanning four Olympic games and garnering eight Olympic medals.[1]

Lezak was born in Irvine, California, the son of Linda (née Mann), a former elementary school science teacher, and David Lezak, a former leather goods salesman.[2] He is Jewish.[3] The name Lezak is pronounced Leh-Zhack and is Polish (short e). Lezak attended El Camino Real Elementary School (now Woodbury Elementary School) and Irvine High School, as well as the University of California, Santa Barbara.[2] He swam for the UC Santa Barbara Gauchos swimming and diving team from 1995 to 1998. Lezak currently lives in Orange County, California with his wife Danielle and 3 kids.[4] [5]

Lezak serves as the general manager for the Cali Condors which is part of the International Swimming League. In 2019 the inaugural year of the league the Condors finished third place in the finals. As the top finishing American team, the Condors were led by high scorers Caeleb Dressel and Lilly King. [6]

The Men's 4x100m Medley Relay event at the 2007 Pan American Games took place at the Maria Lenk Aquatic Park in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, with the final being swum on July 22.[1][2]

The heats was held on July 20.[3][4]





Katinka Hosszú (Hungarian: [ˈkɒtiŋkɒ ˈhossuː]; born 3 May 1989) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer specialized in individual medley events. She is a three-time Olympic champion and a nine-time long-course world champion.[3] She is owner of a Budapest based swim school and swim club called Iron Swim Budapest, and co-owner[4] and captain of Team Iron, founding member of the International Swimming League. 

Hosszú is the current world record holder in 100-meter individual medley, 200-meter individual medley (long course and short course), 400-meter individual medley (long course) and 200-meter backstroke (short course). She was the first swimmer (male or female) to hold world records in all five individual medley events at the same time. She holds two-thirds of the Hungarian national records. Hosszu was named FINA Swimmer of the Year in 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2018[5], and won SwimSwam's Swammy Award for Female Swimmer of the Year in 2013.[6]

She has competed at four Summer Olympics: 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016. Hosszú currently swims for her own team Iron Swim Budapest. After a long tenure under head coach Shane Tusup, who was her husband,[7] following their divorce Hosszú was coached by Dave Salo before moving onto Árpád Petrov.[8] At the end of 2019 she parted ways with Petrov, and started coaching herself for the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games.[9]



Ian Lowell Crocker (born August 31, 1982) is an American former competition swimmer, five-time Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder.  During his career, he set world records in the 50- and 100-meter butterfly (long course and short course) and the 100-meter freestyle (short course).  He has won a total of twenty-one medals in major international competition, spanning the Olympics, the FINA World Aquatics Championships, and the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships. He has helped coach the Longhorns swim camp in 2019 as well as other years. 
Citation-https://www.teamusa.org/usa-swimming/athletes/Ian-Crocker

Crocker, who specializes in the butterfly, has received five Olympic medals in his career. In addition to his accomplishments at the Olympics, Crocker was the first man to ever swim under 51 seconds in the 100-meter butterfly.[1] Crocker improved his world record of 50.98 twice, down to a time of 50.40[2] set at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal, before being bested by Michael Phelps in 2009.

At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Crocker was a member of the gold medal-winning 400-meter medley relay team[3] and barely missed winning a bronze in the 100-meter butterfly.[4]



Melissa Jeanette Franklin (born May 10, 1995) is an American former competition swimmer and five-time Olympic gold medalist. She formerly held the world record in the 200-meter backstroke (long course).[2][3] As a member of the U.S. national swim team, she also held the world records in the 4×100-meter medley relay (short course and long course).[4]

In her Olympic debut at the 2012 Summer Olympics at age 17, Franklin won a total of five medals, four of which were gold. She swept the women's backstroke events, winning gold in both the 100-meter and 200-meter backstroke. Franklin's successes have earned her Swimming World's World Swimmer of the Year and the American Swimmer of the Year award in 2012 as well as the FINA Swimmer of the Year Award in 2011 and 2012. In total, she has won twenty-seven medals in international competition: sixteen gold, six silver, and five bronze, spanning the Olympics, the World Championships, the short course World Championships, and the Pan Pacific Championships. Franklin's eleven gold medals at the World Aquatics Championships was a record in women's swimming before Katie Ledecky broke it in 2017.

Franklin holds dual American and Canadian citizenship, and chose to compete for the U.S. national swim team. In December 2018, she announced her retirement from the sport.[5]

The women's 4 x 100 metre medley competition of the swimming events at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships was held on July 30 with the heats and the final.

The American team consisting of Natalie Coughlin, Rebecca Soni, Dana Vollmer, and Missy Franklin won the gold in an Americas record time of 3:52.36.

Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.

17 teams participated in 3 heats.[1]



Robert Bowman (April 6, 1965) is an American swimming coach who is the current head coach of the Arizona State Sun Devils swimming and diving teams of Arizona State University.  Bowman is best known as the coach of record-breaking American swimmer Michael Phelps.  From 2005 to 2008, Bowman served as the head coach for the Michigan Wolverines swimming and diving team of the University of Michigan men's swimming & diving team.  From 2008 to 2015, he worked as the CEO and head coach for North Baltimore Aquatic Club.

In 2015, USA Swimming appointed him the head coach of the men's U.S. 2016 Olympic Team.

Bowman was born and raised in Columbia, South Carolina where he attended Columbia High School.  He has a younger sister, Donna Bowman, who works at Chapin Middle School as a computer science professor.



Conor James Dwyer (born January 10, 1989) is an American competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist. He competes in freestyle and medley events, and won a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. 4×200-meter freestyle relay team at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In total, he has won seventeen medals in major international competitions: nine gold, six silver, and two bronze spanning the Summer Olympics, the FINA World Championships, the Pan Pacific Championships, and the Pan American Games. Dwyer placed second at the 2016 US Olympic Swimming Trials in the 400m freestyle.[1]

On 11 October 2019 it was announced by USADA that Dwyer had failed a series of anti-doping tests in late 2018. It had been found that he had banned anabolic steroids, namely testosterone in the form of pellets, surgically inserted into his body. Dwyer was banned for 20 months and will miss the 2020 Summer Olympics.[2]

Dwyer was born in Evanston, Illinois, the son of Patrick and Jeanne Dwyer.[3][4] His mother was an All-American swimmer for the Florida State Seminoles swimming team and continues to teach swimming lessons to this day.[4][5] Dwyer is the second oldest of five children in his family, including PJ, Pati, Brendan, and his twin brother Spencer.[4] Spencer is a personal trainer who has trained the likes of Chance the Rapper.



John "Jack" Conger (born September 26, 1994) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in the backstroke, butterfly, and freestyle, and is a one-time Olympic gold medalist.

At the 2012 U.S. Open Swimming Championships in Indianapolis, Conger took silver in the 200-meter backstroke with a time of 1:58.14.[1] At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, Conger missed the U.S. Team by finishing 8th in the 100-meter backstroke and 5th in the 200-meter backstroke with times of 54.63 and 1:58.97, respectively.[2][3] At the 2012 Junior Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Conger broke the national age-group (NAG) record for the 17–18 age group in the 100-meter backstroke with a winning time of 54.07.[4] He also took home two more golds in the 200-meter backstroke (1:57.20), 50-meter freestyle (22.69), and one bronze in the 100-meter freestyle (49.84).[5][6][7]

At the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan, Conger, competing as an incoming freshman, won gold in the 200-meter backstroke with a time of 1:55.47, and bronze as a member of the U.S. team in the 4x100-meter medley relay. Conger also competed in the 100-meter butterfly and finished 6th in the final.

Robert Margalis (born February 8, 1982) is an American medley swimmer who won the gold medal in the men's 400-meter individual medley event at the 2003 Pan American Games.  At the next edition, four years later in Rio de Janeiro, he captured three silver medals.







Richard "Ricky" Berens (born April 21, 1988) is an American former competition swimmer, two-time Olympic gold medalist, world champion, and current world record-holder.  As a member of the U.S. national team, he holds the world record in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay (long course).  He competed in the 4×100-meter and 4×200-meter freestyle relay events, as well as the individual 200-meter freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Berens was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.[1] After graduating from South Mecklenburg High School, he attended the University of Texas at Austin, and swam for coach Eddie Reese's Texas Longhorns swimming and diving team 2007 to 2010.  He graduated from the University of Texas with a bachelor's degree in finance in 2010, and relocated to Los Angeles shortly thereafter to train with coach Dave Salo at Trojan Aquatics.

At the 2007 Pan American Games, Berens won a gold medal in the 4×100-meter medley relay, and silver medals in both the 4×100-meter freestyle and 4×200-meter freestyle relays.

The men's 4×100 metre medley relay competition of the swimming events at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships took place July 31. The heats and final took place July 31.

Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.

17 teams participated in 3 heats.[1]

The final was held at 19:38.[2]

Kristian Ipsen (born October 20, 1992) is an American diver, who has been diving competitively since 1998.  Diving alongside Troy Dumais,  they took the silver medal in the synchronized 3 meter springboard at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships and the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

At the 2011 US National Championships in August, Ipsen captured the senior men 3-meter springboard championship and teamed with Troy Dumais to win the synchronized men 3-meter springboard at UCLA's Spieker Aquatics Center.[1]

In June 2012 Ipsen and his 3m synchro partner Troy Dumais qualified at the U.S. Olympic Team Trials held in Federal Way, Washington to represent the United States at the 2012 Olympic Games in London which began the following month.

Ipsen and Dumais won the bronze in the synchronized 3m on August 1, 2012 with a score of 446.7.[2]  The duo's medal along with David Boudia's gold in the 10 metre platform and Boudia and his partner Nicholas McCrory's bronze in the synchronized 10m platform were the first Olympic medals of any kind for the United States since 2000 and the first for a U.S male diver since 1996 in Atlanta when Mark Lenzi won the bronze medal in the 3 meter springboard.

Many of the world records in swimming were established by swimmers wearing bodysuits or suits made of polyurethane or other non-textile materials allowed in the race pool from February 2008 until December 2009. These suits seemed to improve the performance for top athletes, especially those with larger physiques. The times shown below are the fastest in the world set by swimmers wearing suits made of textile materials.

All mixed relays textile best times are also world records.

All mixed relays textile best times are also world records.



Nathan Ghar-jun Adrian (born December 7, 1988) is an American competitive swimmer and five-time Olympic gold medalist who formerly held the American record in the long course 50-meter freestyle event.[2]

In his Olympic debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics, Adrian swam in the heats of the 4×100-meter freestyle relay and earned a gold medal when the United States team won in the final. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Adrian won gold medals in both the 100-meter freestyle and the 4×100-meter medley relay, and a silver medal in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay.  He has won thirty-two medals in major international competitions; twenty gold, seven silver, and five bronze in such competitions as the 
Summer Olympics, the FINA World Aquatics Championships, and the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships. In the 2016 Summer Olympics 4x100-meter freestyle relay a gold was won with Michael Phelps, Caeleb Dressel, and Ryan Held. He was an individual bronze medalist in the 50-meter and 100-meter freestyles.

Adrian was born in Bremerton, Washington, in 1988.[3] He is the son of Cecilia and James Adrian. His mother is Chinese from Hong Kong[4][5] and works as a nurse for the Bremerton school district; his father is a retired nuclear engineer for the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard.[6] Adrian has an older sister, Donella, who swam at Arizona State University, and an older brother, Justin, who swam at the University of Washington. Adrian started swimming at the age of five because of the influence of his siblings. He graduated in 2006 from Bremerton High School, where he swam for the school team.[7]

The men's 200 metre individual medley competition of the swimming events at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships took place July 27 and 28. The heats and semifinals took place July 27 and the final was held July 28.

The two main contenders for the event were the reigning World Champion and world record holder Ryan Lochte and Michael Phelps, the reigning Olympic champion.  The final was won by Lochte in a world record time 1:54.00, bettering his previous time of 1:54.10.  Phelps finished in second place with a personal best time of 1:54.16.  So emphatic was Lochte and Phelps performance, that third-place finisher László Cseh said, "The Americans are too good for me. Only Ryan can beat Michael, but I can improve myself and continue to swim faster."

Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship record were as follows.

The following record was established during the competition:

The Golden Goggle Awards, presented by the USA Swimming Foundation, is an awards ceremony which honours swimmers' achievements over the last year. There are eight categories: Breakout Performer of the Year, Coach of the Year, Perseverance Award, Relay Performance of the Year, Male Race of the Year, Female Race of the Year, Male Athlete of the Year, and Female Athlete of the Year.[1]



Lilly King (born February 10, 1997)[4] is an American swimmer who specializes in breaststroke. She currently represents the Cali Condors which is part of the International Swimming League. At the 2016 Summer Olympics she won the gold medal in the 100 meter breaststroke competition and also won a gold medal in the women's 4 × 100 m medley relay, in which she swam the breaststroke leg. She is the current world record holder in 100-metre and 50-metre breaststroke (long course).

King was born and raised in Evansville, Indiana, the daughter of Mark and Ginny King. Mark ran track and cross-country at Indiana State University and Ginny swam for Eastern Kentucky University and Illinois State University. King's younger brother Alex is a walk-on swimmer at the University of Michigan.[5] King attended FJ Reitz High School, where the school's swim team shared Lloyd Pool with five other teams.[5] The lanes at Lloyd Pool were often crowded with swimmers below King's ability, so in order to help compensate, King added several morning practices a week with the local masters team and joined a competitive swim team called the Newburgh Sea Creatures.[5]

King attended Indiana University Bloomington, where she competed for the Indiana Hoosiers swimming and diving team.[4]



Jennifer Beth Thompson (born February 26, 1973) is an American former competition swimmer and anesthesiologist.

She is one of the most decorated Olympians in history: twelve medals, including eight gold medals, in the 1992, 1996, 2000, and 2004 Summer Olympics.

Thompson, a Massachusetts native who calls Dover, New Hampshire her hometown, began swimming at age 7 at a summer country club called Cedardale in Groveland, Massachusetts.  During the indoor season, she swam at the Danvers YMCA from ages 8 to 10, and then at the Andover-North Andover YMCA from the ages of 10 to 12.  At age 12 she began swimming for Seacoast Swimming Association under coaches Amy and Mike Parratto, and moved to Dover at age 13.

Teresa Crippen (born April 12, 1990) is an American competition swimmer who was a Pan American Games gold medalist.

Crippen was born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.  She grew up in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, and graduated from Germantown Academy in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania in 2008.

She accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where she swam for coach Gregg Troy's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2009 to 2012.[1]  During her four-year college career, she won two individual Southeastern Conference (SEC) championships in the 400-yard individual medley (2010) and the 200-yard backstroke (2011).  She earned a total of seventeen All-American honors, including six as a senior in 2012.[2]

At the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Crippen won the gold medal in the 200-meter backstroke and the silver in the 400-meter individual medley.  She also won a gold by swimming in the prelims of the 4x200-meter
At the 2010 US National Championships, the selection meet for both the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, Crippen placed second in the 200-meter butterfly and fifth in both the 400-meter individual medley and 200-meter backstroke.[3][4][5]



Michael Fred Phelps II[5] (born June 30, 1985)[6] is an American former competitive swimmer and the most successful and most decorated Olympian of all time,[7] with a total of 28 medals.[8] Phelps also holds the all-time records for Olympic gold medals (23),[9] Olympic gold medals in individual events (13), and Olympic medals in individual events (16).[10] When he won eight gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Games, Phelps broke fellow American swimmer Mark Spitz's 1972 record of seven first-place finishes at any single Olympic Games. At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Phelps had already tied the record of eight medals of any color at a single Games by winning six gold and two bronze medals. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Phelps won four gold and two silver medals, and at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, he won five gold medals and one silver. This made him the most successful athlete of the Games for the fourth Olympics in a row.[11][12]

Phelps is the long course world record holder in the men's 400-meter individual medley as well as the former long course world record holder in the 200-meter freestyle, 100-meter butterfly, 200-meter butterfly, and 200-meter individual medley. He has won 82 medals in major international long course competitions, of which 65 were gold, 14 silver, and three bronze, spanning the Olympics, the World Championships, and the Pan Pacific Championships. Phelps's international titles and record-breaking performances have earned him the World Swimmer of the Year Award eight times and American Swimmer of the Year Award eleven times, as well as the FINA Swimmer of the Year Award in 2012 and 2016. Phelps earned Sports Illustrated magazine's Sportsman of the Year award due to his unprecedented Olympic success in the 2008 Games.

After the 2008 Summer Olympics, Phelps started the Michael Phelps Foundation, which focuses on growing the sport of swimming and promoting healthier lifestyles. Phelps retired following the 2012 Olympics, but he made a comeback in April 2014.[13] At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro,[14] his fifth Olympics, he was selected by his team to be the flag bearer of the United States at the 2016 Summer Olympics Parade of Nations. He announced his second retirement on August 12, 2016,[15] having won more medals than 161 countries. He is often considered the greatest swimmer of all time.



Rafael "Rafa" Nadal Parera (Catalan: [rəf(ə)ˈɛl nəˈðal pəˈɾeɾə], Spanish: [rafaˈel naˈðal paˈɾeɾa];[2] born 3 June 1986) is a Spanish professional tennis player currently ranked world No. 2 in men's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).[3]

Nadal has won 19 Grand Slam singles titles, the second-most in history for a male player, as well as a record 35 ATP Tour Masters 1000 titles, 21 ATP Tour 500 titles and the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles. In addition, Nadal has held the world No. 1 ranking for a total of 209 weeks, including being the year-end No. 1 five times.[3] In majors, Nadal has won a record twelve French Open titles, four US Open titles, two Wimbledon titles and one Australian Open title, and won at least one Grand Slam every year for a record ten consecutive years (2005–2014). Nadal has won 85 career titles overall, including the most outdoor titles in the Open Era (83) and a record 59 titles on clay. With 81 consecutive wins on clay, Nadal holds the record for the longest single-surface win streak in the Open Era.

Nadal has been involved in five Davis Cup titles with Spain, and currently has a 29-win streak and 29–1 record in singles matches at the event. In 2010, at the age of 24, he became the seventh male player and the youngest of five in the Open Era to achieve the singles Career Grand Slam. Nadal is the second male player after Andre Agassi to complete the singles Career Golden Slam, as well as the second male player after Mats Wilander to have won at least two Grand Slams on all three surfaces (grass, hard court and clay). He has received the tour Sportsmanship Award three times and has been named the ATP Player of the Year five times and the ITF World Champion four times. In 2011, Nadal was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year.[4]





Roger Federer (German pronunciation: [ˈrɔdʒər ˈfeːdərər]; born 8 August 1981) is a Swiss professional tennis player who is ranked world No. 4 in men's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).[3] He has won 20 Grand Slam singles titles—the most in history for a male player—and has held the world No. 1 spot in the ATP rankings for a record total of 310 weeks (including a record 237 consecutive weeks) and was the year-end No. 1 five times, including four consecutive. Federer, who turned professional in 1998, was continuously ranked in the top 10 from October 2002 to November 2016.

Federer has won a record eight Wimbledon men's singles titles, six Australian Open titles, five US Open titles (all consecutive, a record), and one French Open title. He is one of eight men to have achieved a Career Grand Slam. Federer has reached a record 31 men's singles Grand Slam finals, including 10 consecutively from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships to the 2007 US Open. Federer has also won a record six ATP Finals titles, 28 ATP Tour Masters 1000 titles, and a record 24 ATP Tour 500 titles. Federer was a member of Switzerland's winning Davis Cup team in 2014. He is also the only player after Jimmy Connors to have won 100 or more career singles titles, as well as to amass 1,200 wins in the Open Era.



Richard Gabriel Cyr Gasquet (French: [ʁiʃaʁ ɡaskɛ];[3] born 18 June 1986) is a French professional tennis player. His career-high ATP singles ranking is world No. 7, attained on 9 July 2007.[4] He has won a total of 15 singles titles on the ATP Tour. His best performance in Grand Slam singles tournaments was reaching the semifinals of the 2007 and 2015 Wimbledon Championships and the semifinals of the 2013 US Open. His best performance in ATP World Tour Masters 1000 singles tournaments was being the runner-up in Hamburg in 2005 and Toronto in 2006 and 2012. He won the mixed doubles Grand Slam title at the 2004 French Open, partnering Tatiana Golovin. He won the men's doubles Olympic bronze medal in 2012 with his doubles partner Julien Benneteau. Gasquet is best known for his long groundstrokes and his one-handed backhand.

When he was nine years old, Gasquet was touted as a future champion on the cover of the February 1996 issue of French Tennis Magazine.[5]

As a junior, Gasquet posted a 44–7 career singles record and a 10–4 career doubles record. He had a career-high juniors singles ranking of world No. 1, attained on 9 September 2002.[6]



Andrew Stephen Roddick[2] (born August 30, 1982)[2] is an American former world No. 1 professional tennis player.

Roddick became world No. 1 shortly after he won the title at the 2003 US Open, defeating French Open champion Juan Carlos Ferrero in the final and overtaking him as the top-ranked player in the process. Despite several more years as one of the world's best players, the 2003 US Open title would remain his only Grand Slam triumph. He is the most recent North American male player to win a Grand Slam singles event, reach the top ranking, and claim the year-end world No. 1 ranking (2003). Roddick reached four other Grand Slam finals (Wimbledon in 2004, 2005, and 2009, and the US Open in 2006), losing to nemesis Roger Federer every time. Roddick was ranked in the year-end top 10 for nine consecutive years (2002–2010) and won five Masters Series titles in that period. He is married to Brooklyn Decker, a swimwear model and actress.

On August 30, 2012, during the 2012 US Open and on his 30th birthday, Roddick announced that he would retire after the tournament. Following a fourth-round defeat by Juan Martín del Potro, Roddick retired from the sport to focus on his work at the Andy Roddick Foundation.[3]



David Ferrer Ern (Valencian pronunciation: [daˈvit feˈreɾ ˈɛɾn]; Spanish: [daˈβið feˈreɾ ˈɛɾn]; born 2 April 1982) is a retired Spanish professional tennis player.[2] A three-time Davis Cup champion with Spain, Ferrer has won tournaments at all levels (ATP 250, ATP 500, Masters 1000) except at a Grand Slam, and currently has the seventh highest career prize money earnings of all time among male tennis players (when not adjusting for inflation). Ferrer also holds the distinction of winning the most matches on the ATP tour without having won a Grand Slam tournament, passing Brian Gottfried who held this record for 32 years.

David Ferrer turned professional in 2000 and in the first years of his career, was known as a clay-court specialist, having won half of his titles on the surface. However, he has had significant success on all surfaces, having reached the final of the French Open in 2013 (without losing a set), the semifinals of the Australian and US Opens twice each, and the quarterfinals of Wimbledon twice. He was part of the Spain Davis Cup team that won the finals in 2008, 2009, and 2011. He won the Paris Masters in 2012, and he was runner-up at six Masters tournaments as well as the Tennis Masters Cup in 2007. He is widely considered one of the best players not to have won a Grand Slam tournament.[3] He first achieved a top-10 ranking in 2006 and reached a career-high ranking of world No. 3 in July 2013. He retired in his home tournament of Madrid after losing to Zverev in the round of 32. [1]

Ferrer was born in Xàbia in the province of Alicante, but he moved to Gandia at age thirteen, followed two years later by a move to Barcelona to attend the Catalan Tennis Federation. 



Robin Bo Carl Söderling (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈrɔ̌bːɪn ˈsø̌ːdɛɭɪŋ];[citation needed] born 14 August 1984) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden. He reached a career-high Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) world No. 4 singles ranking on November 15, 2010. His career highlights include reaching two consecutive finals at the French Open in 2009 and 2010, and an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 title at the 2010 Paris Masters. He was the first player to defeat Rafael Nadal at the French Open.

Soderling was forced into early retirement at age 31 after contracting a lingering bout of mononucleosis.

Söderling began playing tennis at the age of five. He made his first steps in international tennis in November 1998 in Luxembourg when at the age of 14 he played his first official junior tournament, losing the opening match to Fred Hemmes, Jr.



Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (French pronunciation: ​[ʒo wilfʁid tsɔŋɡa];[3] born 17 April 1985) is a French professional tennis player. A member of the Tennis Club de Paris (TCP), Tsonga's career-high ATP singles ranking is world No. 5, which he achieved in February 2012.

After being awarded the ATP Newcomer of the Year for 2007, Tsonga rose to fame by virtue of his performance in the 2008 Australian Open when, as an unseeded player, he reached the final, having defeated four seeded players along the way, including a straight-sets win over No. 2 Rafael Nadal in the semifinals. Tsonga eventually lost to the No. 3 Novak Djokovic in the final in four sets, after winning the first set; it was the only set Djokovic dropped during the tournament.

Tsonga followed this up by winning his first ATP Masters Series championship at the 2008 Paris Masters, thus qualifying for the 2008 Tennis Masters Cup in Shanghai, China. His best performances in a major tournament since 2008 are semifinal appearances in the 2010 Australian Open, the 2013 and 2015 French Opens, and at Wimbledon in 2011 and 2012. He also reached the final of the 2011 ATP World Tour Finals, where he lost to five-time and defending champion Roger Federer. He achieved his second Masters Series win at the 2014 Canadian Open, defeating four top ten players on the way to victory. This meant that this was the first time a member of the Big Four had not won the Rogers Cup since Andy Roddick in 2003. This feat also made him the first player to defeat Djokovic, Murray, and Federer in the same tournament. On top of his Masters Series victories, Tsonga also reached the final of the 2011 Paris Masters and the 2015 Shanghai Masters — losing to Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic respectively. To add to this, he won the 2009 Shanghai Masters doubles title with partner Julien Benneteau. In 2017, Tsonga helped France to their first Davis Cup win in 16 years after previously losing in the final in 2014.





Novak Djokovic (Serbian: Новак Ђоковић, romanized: Novak Đoković, pronounced [nôʋaːk dʑôːkoʋitɕ] (listen);[5] born 22 May 1987) is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 1 in men's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).[6]

Djokovic has won 17 Grand Slam singles titles, the third-most in history for a male player, five ATP Finals titles, 34 ATP Tour Masters 1000 titles, 14 ATP Tour 500 titles, and has held the No. 1 spot in the ATP rankings for over 280 weeks. In majors, he has won a record eight Australian Open titles, five Wimbledon titles, three US Open titles, and one French Open title. By winning the 2016 French Open, he became the eighth player in history to achieve the Career Grand Slam and the third man to hold all four major titles at once, the first since Rod Laver in 1969[7] and the first ever to do so on three different surfaces.[8] He is the only male player to have won all nine of the Masters 1000 tournaments.[9][10] Djokovic was also a member of Serbia's winning Davis Cup team in 2010 and in the 2020 ATP Cup.



The Federer–Nadal rivalry (often called FEDAL) is between professional tennis players Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, two of the greatest tennis players of all time.

They have played each other 40 times, with Nadal leading the head to head 24–16.  Their most recent encounter was in the semifinal of the 2019 Wimbledon Championships where Federer defeated Nadal in four sets. Of their 40 matches, 20 have been on hard court (14 of them in outdoor hard court and 6 on indoor hard court), 16 have been on clay, and 4 have been on grass. Federer leads on hard court (11–9), grass (3–1), and indoor hard court (5–1). Nadal leads on clay (14–2) and outdoor hard court (8–6). Nadal leads 14–10 in finals. A total of 14 matches have been in Grand Slams with Nadal leading 10–4.[1][2]  Nadal leads 6–0 at the French Open and 3–1 at the Australian Open, while Federer leads 3–1 at Wimbledon. The two have yet to meet in the US Open.

Federer with 20 total major titles, and Nadal with 19, are first and second on the men's all-time list for the most majors titles, and hold numerous other records between them.  Together they have won 11 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments, from the 2005 French Open to the 2007 US Open, as well as 6 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments on two occasions; from the 2008 French Open to the 2009 Wimbledon Championships and from the 2017 Australian Open to the 2018 French Open. They are the only pair of men to have finished six consecutive calendar years as the top two ranked players on the ATP Tour, which they did from 2005 to 2010 and seven times overall, including 2017. This includes a record 211 consecutive weeks sharing the top two rankings from July 2005 to August 2009.



3x French Open (Nadal)2x US Open (Nadal)7x ATP World Tour Masters 1000 (Nadal)

Carlos Moyá Llompart (Spanish: [ˈkaɾlos moˈʝa ʎomˈpaɾt]; born 27 August 1976) is a retired world no. 1 tennis player from Spain. He was the French Open singles champion in 1998 and was the singles runner-up at the 1997 Australian Open. In 2004, he helped his country to win the Davis Cup. He is one of Rafael Nadal's coaches. He currently resides in Madrid, Spain.[1]
He is hugely popular in Chennai, India, where he won the Chennai Open multiple times.

Moyá was born in Palma, Majorca, Balearic Islands, Spain. He began playing tennis at the age of six with his parents. He turned professional in 1995 and won his first tour title later that year in Buenos Aires.



Tomáš Berdych (Czech pronunciation: [ˈtomaːʃ ˈbɛrdɪx];[1] born 17 September 1985) is a Czech former professional tennis player. His most notable achievement was reaching the final of the 2010 Wimbledon Championships, causing consecutive upsets by defeating top seed and six-time champion Roger Federer in the quarterfinals, and No. 3 Novak Djokovic in the semifinals. In the final, he lost to Rafael Nadal in straight sets. Berdych's biggest career win was the Paris Masters in 2005 as an unseeded player, defeating Ivan Ljubičić in the final.

Berdych has reached the semifinals of all four Grand Slams. Alongside his Wimbledon performance in the same year, he reached the semifinals of the 2010 French Open, defeating fourth seed Andy Murray in straight sets in the fourth round, and dropping no sets until his loss in the semifinals to Robin Söderling.[2] At the 2012 US Open he defeated No. 1 Roger Federer, again at the quarterfinal stage, before losing to eventual champion Murray. During the 2014 Australian Open he lost to eventual champion Stanislas Wawrinka in four sets during the semifinals. He is the second player (after David Nalbandian) to defeat Roger Federer multiple times in Grand Slam events before the semifinal stage. He has the distinction of being one of three players, the others being Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Stan Wawrinka, to defeat all the Big Four in major events.

As well as his Paris Masters win, Berdych reached the finals of the Miami Masters in 2010, Madrid Open in 2012 and Monte Carlo Masters in 2015. He first reached his career-high singles ranking of No. 4 in May 2015.



Feliciano López Díaz-Guerra (Spanish pronunciation: [feliˈθjano ˈlopeθ ˈði.aθ ˈɣera];[2][a] born 20 September 1981) is a Spanish professional tennis player on the ATP Tour. He was born in Toledo and now lives in the Spanish capital, Madrid. López achieved his career-high singles ranking of world No. 12 in March 2015.[3]

In 2005, he was the first male Spanish tennis player to reach the quarter-finals of Wimbledon since 1972, when Manuel Orantes reached the semi-finals. He repeated the feat in 2008 and 2011. López defeated Tim Henman at the 2007 Wimbledon second round in what would be Henman's last Wimbledon match. Throughout his career, he has played in the most five-set matches that have gone beyond 6–6 in the post-tiebreak era, his longest fifth set being 16–14 at the 2009 Australian Open against Gilles Müller. He reached the quarter-finals of the US Open in 2015,[4] and won his first Grand Slam title at the 2016 French Open when he won the men's doubles title with Marc López. In 2017 at the age of 35 López won the Aegon Championship at The Queen's Club, London, beating Marin Čilić in a third set tiebreak. During the 2018 Wimbledon Championships, López made his 66th consecutive Grand Slam main draw appearance, surpassing the previous record of 65 consecutive appearances held by Roger Federer. As of the 2020 Australian Open, his record stands at 72 consecutive appearances. López also holds the record for most losses on the ATP Tour, with 449.[5]

López is left-handed and uses a single-handed backhand. He is known for his strong serve and ability to play balls repeatedly on the baseline, and is also a confident net player and has been known to serve and volley. Unlike most Spanish players, who almost always prefer clay courts due to the popularity of that surface in their country, López is an exceptionally strong grass-court player, with three quarter-final runs at Wimbledon (his strongest Grand Slam showing), as well as 4 titles on grass at the Eastbourne International in 2013 and 2014 and at the Queen’s Club Championships in 2017 and 2019. This is due in part to his more traditional playing style, which is more like grass-court legends Pete Sampras and Roger Federer than fellow Spaniards Rafael Nadal and Tommy Robredo. This traditional arsenal includes a big serve and a willingness to come into the net.





Sir Andrew Barron Murray OBE (born 15 May 1987) is a British professional tennis player from Scotland. Murray represents Great Britain in his sporting activities and is a three-time Grand Slam tournament winner, two-time Olympic champion, Davis Cup champion, winner of the 2016 ATP World Tour Finals, and former world No. 1.

Murray defeated Novak Djokovic in the 2012 US Open final, becoming the first British player since 1977, and the first British man since 1936, to win a Grand Slam singles tournament. Murray is also the first British man to win multiple Wimbledon singles titles since Fred Perry in 1936,[12] winning the tournament in 2013 and 2016.



Rafael Nadal, the world No. 1 and second seed, defeated 12th seed Tomáš Berdych in the final, 6–3, 7–5, 6–4, to win the Gentlemen's Singles tennis title at the 2010 Wimbledon Championships, his second Wimbledon title and his eighth Grand Slam title overall.[1][2] It was Nadal's 4th non-consecutive Wimbledon final as he skipped the 2009 tournament because of injuries.

Roger Federer was the defending champion, but was defeated in the quarterfinals by Berdych. This was the first time since 2002 that Federer did not make the Wimbledon men's singles final, and the second successive Grand Slam tournament that Federer was defeated at the quarterfinal stage, having previously been on a record run of 23 successive Grand Slam semifinals (of which he won all but three). Federer's loss, along with those of Lleyton Hewitt and Andy Roddick, both in the fourth round, ensured that there would be a first time Wimbledon finalist from the top half of the draw.

Berdych became the first Czech man to reach the final since Ivan Lendl's appearance in the 1987 final. For the first time ever there were no English players in the Wimbledon men's singles competition, however Great Britain was represented by two players from Scotland: fourth seed Andy Murray and wildcard Jamie Baker.[3]

Four-time defending champion Roger Federer defeated Andy Murray in the final 6–2, 7–5, 6–2 to win the Men's Singles tennis title at the 2008 US Open. It was Federer's 13th Grand Slam title and his only successful title defense in majors that year, after losing the Australian Open and Wimbledon titles, now moved to second place on the all time men's singles Grand Slam wins list, passing Roy Emerson.[1]
This was Federer's last US Open title.

Murray became the first British man to reach the Grand Slam final since Greg Rusedski in the 1997 US Open, as he was attempting to become the first British player to win a Grand Slam title since Fred Perry in 1936, but lost to Federer in the final. Murray would eventually win the title at this event four years later.

Rafael Nadal had a chance to win Grand Slam tournaments on clay, grass and hard courts in the same calendar year, after having won the French Open and Wimbledon, and could have become the first man to win the French Open, Wimbledon and US Open since Rod Laver did it in 1969, but he lost to Murray in the semifinals.

This was Juan Martín del Potro's first appearance as a seeded player in a Grand Slam. He lost in the quarterfinals against Murray ending his 23 match winning streak. He would go on to win the title the following year. Another future champion, Marin Čilić, appeared in the main draw of the US Open for the first time.



Fernando Verdasco Carmona (Spanish pronunciation: [feɾˈnando βeɾˈðasko kaɾˈmona];[a][3] (born 15 November 1983) is a Spanish professional tennis player. His career-high singles ranking is world No. 7, achieved in April 2009.

His best performance in a Grand Slam was making the semifinals of the 2009 Australian Open, where he lost to compatriot and eventual champion Rafael Nadal in five sets.[4] The match itself has been considered one of the greatest Grand Slam semifinals of all time.[5] Verdasco has also reached the quarterfinals twice at the US Open, in 2009 and 2010, losing to Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal respectively, the latter of whom went on to win the title, and once at the 2013 Wimbledon Championships, where he led eventual champion Andy Murray by two sets to love before being defeated in five sets.

In singles, the Spaniard won the 2010 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell and six ATP 250 tournaments and was a finalist at the 2010 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters and five ATP 500 tournaments. In men's doubles, he won the 2013 ATP World Tour Finals and three ATP 500 tournaments and was a finalist at the 2013 Shanghai Rolex Masters, all of them partnering with David Marrero.



Ivo Karlović (Croatian pronunciation: [ǐːʋo kâːrloʋitɕ];[2][3] born 28 February 1979, in Zagreb) is a Croatian professional tennis player. He has won eight ATP singles titles between 2007 and 2016.  Karlović's height of 211 cm (6 ft 11 in) makes him the joint tallest ranked tennis player in history, along with Reilly Opelka.[4]

He is a serve-and-volleyer and officially held the record for the fastest serve recorded in professional tennis, measured at 251 km/h (156 mph), before being surpassed unofficially by Samuel Groth in 2012, and officially by John Isner in 2016.[5][6]

In his prime, he was considered one of the best servers on tour,[7] holding the all-time record for career aces with 13,599.[8][9] This makes him one of only four players in history to surpass 10,000 aces.[10] His height enables him to serve with high speed and unique trajectory.[11][12][13]



Juan Carlos Ferrero Donat (Spanish pronunciation: [xwaŋ ˈkaɾlos feˈreɾo ðoˈnat];[a] born 12 February 1980) is a Spanish former world No. 1 retired professional tennis player. He won the men's singles title at the 2003 French Open, and in September of that year, became the 21st player to hold the world No. 1 ranking. He was also runner-up at the 2002 French Open and 2003 US Open. His nickname was "Mosquito" due to his speed and slight physical build. Ferrero retired from the game after the 2012 Valencia Open 500,[1] returning for a brief doubles stint in 2017. .mw-parser-output .toclimit-2 .toclevel-1 ul,.mw-parser-output .toclimit-3 .toclevel-2 ul,.mw-parser-output .toclimit-4 .toclevel-3 ul,.mw-parser-output .toclimit-5 .toclevel-4 ul,.mw-parser-output .toclimit-6 .toclevel-5 ul,.mw-parser-output .toclimit-7 .toclevel-6 ul{display:none}
Nicknamed Juanki[2] and "El Mosquito",[3] Ferrero began playing tennis at age seven with his father, Eduardo, who often travels with him. He has two sisters, Ana and Laura and admires the play of former No. 1 and two-time Roland Garros champion Jim Courier. Ferrero's inspiration has been his mother, Rosario, who died of cancer when he was 17. In July 2007, he bought an old cottage in Bocairent, 50 minutes south from Valencia and refurbished it into "Hotel Ferrero", which features 12 luxury suites.[4] He is also a joint owner of the Valencia Open 500 tournament together with David Ferrer. His fitness trainer was Miguel Maeso, and he was coached by Antonio Martínez Cascales (after 1989) and Salvador Navarro (after May 2008). He and his wife welcomed their first and only child, a baby daughter named Vega, in September 2014.[5] The couple married in July 2015.[6]

Although Ferrero was known as one of the best clay-court players during his prime, he distinguished himself as an all-court and all-round player through his solid performance on hard- and grass-court tournaments. He said during an interview that he preferred playing on hard courts. Tennis experts agreed that Ferrero's clay-court game translated well to the hard court due to his aggressive style of playing. He also had one of the greatest forehands in the game and immense speed on the court. He was sponsored by Nike,[7] Sergio Tacchini,[8] and Lotto Sport Italia for his apparel on court. In 2010, he signed an endorsement deal with Joma[9] He uses Lacoste (since 2012) for his clothes, Asics for shoes and Prince Sports for his racquets. He played with a Prince EXO3 Tour 100 Mid+ (16x18) racquet.[10]



Rafael "Rafa" Nadal Parera (Catalan: [rəf(ə)ˈɛl nəˈðal pəˈɾeɾə], Spanish: [rafaˈel naˈðal paˈɾeɾa];[2] born 3 June 1986) is a Spanish professional tennis player currently ranked world No. 2 in men's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).[3]

Nadal has won 19 Grand Slam singles titles, the second-most in history for a male player, as well as a record 35 ATP Tour Masters 1000 titles, 21 ATP Tour 500 titles and the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles. In addition, Nadal has held the world No. 1 ranking for a total of 209 weeks, including being the year-end No. 1 five times.[3] In majors, Nadal has won a record twelve French Open titles, four US Open titles, two Wimbledon titles and one Australian Open title, and won at least one Grand Slam every year for a record ten consecutive years (2005–2014). Nadal has won 85 career titles overall, including the most outdoor titles in the Open Era (83) and a record 59 titles on clay. With 81 consecutive wins on clay, Nadal holds the record for the longest single-surface win streak in the Open Era.

Nadal has been involved in five Davis Cup titles with Spain, and currently has a 29-win streak and 29–1 record in singles matches at the event. In 2010, at the age of 24, he became the seventh male player and the youngest of five in the Open Era to achieve the singles Career Grand Slam. Nadal is the second male player after Andre Agassi to complete the singles Career Golden Slam, as well as the second male player after Mats Wilander to have won at least two Grand Slams on all three surfaces (grass, hard court and clay). He has received the tour Sportsmanship Award three times and has been named the ATP Player of the Year five times and the ITF World Champion four times. In 2011, Nadal was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year.[4]



Francesco Totti Ufficiale OMRI[4] (Italian pronunciation: [franˈtʃesko ˈtɔtti];[5][6] born 27 September 1976) is an Italian former professional footballer who played for Roma and the Italy national team primarily as an attacking midfielder or second striker, but could also play as a lone striker or winger. He is often referred to as Er Bimbo de Oro (The Golden Boy), L'Ottavo Re di Roma (The Eighth King of Rome), Er Pupone (The Big Baby), Il Capitano  (The Captain), and Il Gladiatore (The Gladiator) by the Italian sports media. A creative offensive playmaker renowned for his vision, technique, and goalscoring ability, Totti is considered to be one of the greatest Italian players of all time, one of the best players of his generation, and Roma's greatest ever player.

Totti spent his entire career at Roma, winning a Serie A title, two Coppa Italia titles, and two Supercoppa Italiana titles. He is the second-highest scorer of all time in Italian league history with 250 goals, and is the sixth-highest scoring Italian in all competitions with 316 goals.[7] Totti is the top goalscorer and the most capped player in Roma's history, holds the record for the most goals scored in Serie A while playing for a single club, and also holds the record for the youngest club captain in the history of Serie A. In November 2014, Totti extended his record as the oldest goalscorer in UEFA Champions League history, aged 38 years and 59 days.

A 2006 FIFA World Cup winner and UEFA Euro 2000 finalist with Italy, Totti was selected in the All-Star team for both tournaments; he also represented his country at the 2002 World Cup and Euro 2004. In 2007, Totti announced his international retirement due to recurring physical problems[8] and in order to focus solely on club play with Roma.[9]



Simone Inzaghi (Italian pronunciation: [siˈmoːne inˈtsaːɡi]; born 5 April 1976) is an Italian professional football manager and former player, currently in charge of Serie A club Lazio.

The younger brother of Filippo Inzaghi, Simone played as a striker for a host of clubs during his professional career, including Piacenza and Lazio; he remained for more than a decade at the Roman club, winning major honours including the Double, but also spending time on the bench and being sent on loan spells. He earned 3 caps for Italy, during as many years.

Following his retirement from playing, he embarked on a managerial career, initially in Lazio's youth teams before taking charge of the senior side in 2016 and guiding them to conquer the Coppa Italia and twice the Supercoppa Italiana. As a manager, Inzaghi is known for employing the 3–5–2 formation, being one of several Italian coaches that have led a notable revival of this tactical system.[1][2]



The 2008–09 season was Football Club Internazionale Milano's 100th in existence and 93th consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football.

After Roberto Mancini's departure, José Mourinho became the new coach of Inter.[1] The Portuguese manager won a trophy at his debut, Supercoppa Italiana, defeating Roma on penalties.[2] He planned a 4–3–3 formation, with the new arrivals Amantino Mancini and Quaresma as wingers beside Zlatan Ibrahimović.[3]

As the 4–3–3 soon failed, Mourino reviewed his ideas switching in a 4–3–1–2 like the predecessor: Stanković acted as playmaker, behind Ibrahimović and his offensive partner (Adriano, rarely Cruz or Crespo, then Balotelli).[4] The quality of playing is immediately awake, and Inter came on the prints of previous season winning again the Scudetto (fourth in row), 10 points clear Juventus and Milan.[5]



During the 2007–08 season, Associazione Calcio Milan played its 74th Serie A season in the club's existence. Milan competed in Serie A, finishing fifth and failing to qualify for the UEFA Champions League for the first time since 2001–02, as well as in the Coppa Italia and the UEFA Champions League, being knocked out in the round of 16 in both competitions. As winners of the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League Milan competed in the UEFA Super Cup and the FIFA Club World Cup, winning both competitions.

Last updated: 24 April 2008Source: A.C. Milan


Source: San Siro article: 24 April 2008


The 2008 Coppa Italia Final was the final match of the 2007–08 Coppa Italia, the 61st season of the top cup competition in Italian football. The match was played on 24 May 2008, between defending champions A.S. Roma and Internazionale at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome. This was the fourth consecutive and total final between these two clubs. Roma successfully defended their title as cup winners, defeating Inter by a score of 2–1.
To date (2019) 2008 Coppa Italia is the most recent piece of silverware won by A.S. Roma.

For the first time since 1980, the final was played as a single match on neutral territory.[2]

In 2002–03, Associazione Calcio Milan enjoyed a triumphant season, winning both the UEFA Champions League and the Coppa Italia. In their 6th conquest of Europe's most prestigious competition, Milan defeated fierce rivals Juventus on penalties after a 0–0 draw in an all-Italian final, while in the Coppa Italia they overcame Roma. In the Serie A, Milan were top of the table in January, but would eventually finish 3rd behind Juventus and Inter, thus missing the chance to complete the treble.

This was Milan's first successful season since 1998–99. Important new arrivals included Italian international centre-back Alessandro Nesta (signed from Lazio for  €31 million –Milan's most expensive transfer in the summer of 2002)[2] who strengthened a defence that was already among Europe's most formidable, versatile Dutch international midfielder Clarence Seedorf (signed from cross-city rivals Inter for  €29 million)[3] and Danish international striker Jon Dahl Tomasson, who was mainly used to back up regular starters Andriy Shevchenko and Filippo Inzaghi. Brazilian superstar Rivaldo, the most high-profile of the new signings, had a peripheral role in the Serie A, but was influential in the Champions League, appearing in 13 out of 17 matches, although not in the final, where he was an unused substitute.[4]

This season also saw Milan manager Carlo Ancelotti beginning to utilise the unconventional 4–4–2 diamond (or 4–1–2–1–2) formation, which he would continue to employ on many occasions in later seasons.[5] This formation allowed Ancelotti to field both Andrea Pirlo and Rui Costa in the starting eleven, with Pirlo as a deep-lying playmaker or regista and Rui Costa as an attacking midfielder or trequartista; the 4–1–2–1–2 worked well for Milan in large part thanks to the effectiveness, hard work and stamina of central midfielders Clarence Seedorf and Gennaro Gattuso. 

Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

The 2006–07 season has had its ups and downs for Milan. Having started the season with an 8-point penalty due to the Calciopoli, a bad run of results where Milan failed to win for 9 matches in a row left them in a lowly 15th place on only 11 points. After two consecutive losses against Atalanta and Roma, Milan had a streak of seven consecutive matches without defeat. Two wins against Catania and Udinese left Milan only 6 points behind fourth place and qualification for the Champions League. Milan eventually finished fourth in the league, behind Lazio. After showing a bad physical condition throughout most of the autumn, the team took a January retreat in Malta, to regain condition and try to achieve a fourth-place finish in Serie A and further progression in the Champions League.

Milan's performances in the Champions League were a different story. Drawn in a group described as easy by some pundits, with AEK Athens, Lille and Anderlecht, Milan comfortably won the group. Milan eventually won the Champions League, overcoming Celtic in the round of 16, Bayern Munich in the quarter-finals, Manchester United in the semi-finals and Liverpool in the final. Kaká was in strong form for Milan in the Champions League, scoring 10 goals in 12 matches and winning that year's Champions League Golden Boot.



  Win
  Draw
  Loss



Filippo "Pippo" Inzaghi Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: [fiˈlippo inˈtsaːɡi];[1] born 9 August 1973) is a retired Italian professional footballer and current manager, who currently serves as head coach of Serie B team Benevento.

Inzaghi played as a striker for several Italian clubs, and spent the most notable spells of his club career with Juventus and Milan, winning two UEFA Champions League titles (2003, 2007), and three Serie A titles (1998, 2004, 2011). He is the seventh highest scorer in Italy, with 313 goals scored in official matches. He is currently the fifth-highest goal scorer in European club competitions with 70 goals, behind only Robert Lewandowski, Raúl, Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. He is also Milan's top international goal scorer in the club's history with 43 goals. He also holds the record for most hat-tricks in Serie A with 10.

At international level, Inzaghi earned 57 caps for the Italy national team between 1997 and 2007, scoring 25 goals. He represented his country at three FIFA World Cups, winning the 2006 edition, and he also took part at UEFA Euro 2000, where he won a runners-up medal.



Matteo Brighi (Italian pronunciation: [matˈtɛːo ˈbriːɡi]; born 14 February 1981) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.

Regarded as one of Italy's most talented prospects in his early career,[2] Brighi was named Serie A Young Footballer of the Year in 2002.

Brighi began his professional career at Rimini in Serie C2 in 1998.[citation needed] He did not appear for the club during the 1997–98 season,[citation needed] but the following season, he made ten league appearances, scoring one goal. Brighi also played for the team in 1998–99 Coppa Italia Serie C [it], as substitute[3] and a starter respectively.[4] In his next professional season with Rimini, Brighi scored 6 goals, in 34 league appearances.[2][5] He also took part in the promotion playoffs of the season, scoring twice.[6][7][8]

The Serie A Foreign Footballer of the Year (Italian: Migliore calciatore straniero) was a yearly award organized by the Italian Footballers' Association (AIC) given to the non-Italian footballer who has been considered to have performed the best over the previous Serie A season. Diego Milito was the last recipient of the award in 2010. The award was part of the Oscar del Calcio awards event.



Christian Maggio (Italian pronunciation: [ˈkristjam ˈmaddʒo]; born 11 February 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays as a right-back, as a wing-back, or as a right winger for Serie B club Benevento.[3]

A dynamic and hard-working offensive full-back, prior to joining Napoli in 2008, Maggio played for Italian clubs Vicenza, Fiorentina, Treviso, and Sampdoria. With Napoli he has won two Coppa Italia titles and the Supercoppa Italiana. After a decade with the club, he joined Benevento in 2018.

A former Italy international level, he represented the Italy national football team on 34 occasions between 2008 and 2014, and took part at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro 2012 (winning a silver medal), and the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup (winning a bronze medal).



The 2011 Coppa Italia Final was the final match of the 2010–11 Coppa Italia, the 64th season of the top cup competition in Italian football. The match was played at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome on 29 May 2011[2] between Internazionale[3] and Palermo.[4] Internazionale won by 3–1 to retain the trophy.[5][6][7]

Man of the Match:
Wesley Sneijder (Internazionale)

Assistant referees:
Sandro Rossomando
Stefano Papi
Fourth official:
Paolo Tagliavento



Alberto Gilardino Ufficiale OMRI[3][4][5] (Italian pronunciation: [alˈbɛrto dʒilarˈdiːno]; born 5 July 1982) is an Italian professional football manager and a former player who  played as a striker, currently head coach of Serie C club Pro Vercelli.

A prolific goalscorer, in Gilardino's early career he was compared to Filippo Inzaghi due to his opportunism, positional sense and eye for goal.[6] Gilardino currently holds the record for being the tenth-youngest player to have scored 100 goals in Serie A, a feat which he managed at the age of 26 years and 105 days.[7][8][9][10][11][12] With 188 Serie A goals, Gilardino is currently among the top 10 all-time scorers in Serie A history.[13] His trademark goal celebration saw him get to his knees and play an imaginary violin.[14]

Gilardino has played for several Italian clubs throughout his career. He first came to prominence during his time at Parma due to his consistent goalscoring, which earned him the Serie A Young Footballer of the Year Award in 2004, followed by the Serie A Footballer of the Year and the Serie A Italian Footballer of the Year Awards in 2005, as well as a move to Milan. With Milan, he won the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League, the 2007 UEFA Super Cup and the 2007 FIFA Club World Cup. Gilardino has also played for Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande, with whom he won the 2014 Chinese Super League.

The Serie A Referee of the Year AIC (Italian: Arbitro dell'anno AIC) is a yearly award organized by the Italian Footballers' Association (AIC) given to the referee who has been considered to have performed the best over the previous Serie A season. The award is part of the Gran Galà del Calcio (former Oscar del Calcio) awards event.

Max Tonetto (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmaks toˈnetto]; born 18 November 1974) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a midfielder. A versatile naturally left-footed player, his preferred position was on the left flank in midfield, although he was often used as a left-back, and could also play as a left wing-back. He played for several Italian clubs throughout his career, most notably Roma, where he won consecutive Coppa Italia titles in 2007 and 2008 during his four seasons with the team.

Tonetto was born in Trieste. In 2000, Tonetto's career came to a shift when he moved to Lecce, where he became team captain in 2003.

From 2004 to 2006, he enjoyed great success at Serie A side Sampdoria, where he got his first taste of European football in the UEFA Cup. After the end of his contract with Sampdoria, he signed a two-year deal with Roma. He has played more than 300 Serie A games.

In his first season with Roma he showed good performances as a left-back. Although in his thirties, Tonetto is still, despite injuries, able to produce great and outstanding performances.

The 2010 Coppa Italia Final was the final match of the 2009–10 Coppa Italia, the 63rd season of the top cup competition in Italian football. The match was played at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome on 5 May 2010 between Internazionale and Roma and was a repeat of the 2008 Coppa Italia Final. The match was won by Internazionale, who claimed their sixth Coppa Italia title with a lone Diego Milito goal giving them a 1–0 win.[2] It was the first time Inter won the trophy since the abolition of the two-legged final.

This is the fifth final between these two clubs, the four previous matches dating back to the last five years and being consecutive between 2005–2008. This incredible list of repeated finals is increasing disputes around the actual competition formula, which gives an excessive advantage to the clubs participating in the European cups, who enter the cup in the round of 16 and play single matches at home.



The Serie B Footballer of the Year (Italian: Giocatore dell’anno Serie B) is a yearly award organized by the Italian Footballers' Association (AIC) given to the footballer who has been considered to have performed the best over the previous Serie B season.

The award is part of the Gran Galà del Calcio (formerly known as Oscar del Calcio) awards event.

The 2009–10 season was Associazione Sportiva Roma's 77th season in Serie A. The club competed in Serie A, the Coppa Italia, and the UEFA Europa League. Roma finished second in Serie A with 80 points, two points behind Inter.

In the previous season, Roma achieved sixth place in Serie A and qualified for the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League starting from the third qualifying round.


Last updated: 16 May 2010


Last updated: 16 May 2010.
Source: Competitive matches

The 2007 Coppa Italia Final was the final of the 2006–07 Coppa Italia, the 60th season of the top cup competition in Italian football. The match was played over two legs between Roma and Internazionale. The first leg was played in Rome on 9 May 2007, while the second leg was held on 17 May. Roma won the trophy with an aggregate result of 7–4. This was the third final between the clubs, all played in consecutive years, the two having previously met in the 2005 and 2006 finals. Roma were playing in the final for the 14th time, while Inter were competing in their 10th final.

The 2016–17 season was Juventus Football Club's 119th in existence and tenth consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football. Juventus re-designed their kit with a different take on the trademark white and black stripes in this season.[2] On 26 July 2016, Juventus signing Gonzalo Higuaín became, at the time, the third highest football transfer of all-time and highest ever transfer for an Italian club,[3] when he signed for €90 million from Napoli.[4] On 8 August 2016, Paul Pogba returned to his first club, Manchester United, for an all-time record for highest football transfer fee at €105 million, surpassing the former record holder Gareth Bale.[5]

On 17 May 2017, Juventus won their 12th Coppa Italia title in a 2–0 win over Lazio, becoming the first team to win three consecutive championships.[6] Four days later on 21 May, following a 3–0 win over Crotone, Juventus secured their sixth consecutive Serie A title, establishing an all-time record of successive triumphs in the competition.[7][8] On 3 June 2017, Juventus entered a second Champions League Final in three years, but were defeated 4–1 by defending champions Real Madrid.[9] During a screening of the Champions League Final in Turin, a firecracker caused panic, and a subsequent stampede. One woman died,[10] and at least 1,526 people were injured.[11]

Players and squad numbers last updated on 25 May 2017.[12][13][14][15]Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

Total expenditure: €162,500,000

The Goalkeeper of the Year AIC (Italian: Migliore portiere AIC) was a yearly award organized by the Italian Footballers' Association (AIC) since 1997 to 2010 as part of the Oscar del Calcio awards, given to the goalkeeper who has been considered to have performed the best over the previous Serie A season.

Since 2011, a goalkeeper is chosen as part of the Serie A Team of the Year award within the Gran Galà del Calcio awards event.



Paolo De Ceglie (Italian pronunciation: [ˈpaːolo de ˈtʃeʎʎe]; born 17 September 1986) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a left-back, wing-back, or as a winger. He spent most of his career with Italian club Juventus, where he won three Serie A titles, among other trophies, but also had loan spells with other Italian teams, as well as a stint with French side Marseille. In his prime, he was known for his pace, and was considered one of the fastest players in Serie A in 2010.[1]

Born in Aosta, De Ceglie joined the Juventus youth system as a schoolboy alongside former teammate Claudio Marchisio[2] and idolized veteran left midfielder Pavel Nedvěd.[3][4] He played in various youth competitions for Juve, including the Campionato Nazionale Primavera and Coppa Italia Primavera. He scored a hat-trick in Juventus' 5–1 defeat of bitter rivals Internazionale in the 2006 Super Coppa Primavera.[5]

When Juventus were relegated to Serie B for the 2006–07 season due to the Calciopoli scandal, De Ceglie and fellow youngsters Claudio Marchisio and Sebastian Giovinco were all promoted to the first team. He made his senior team debut on 6 November 2006 for Juventus against Napoli, coming on as a substitute for Nicola Legrottaglie after 55 minutes, with the game eventually ending 1–1. His first ever senior goal came in his second game, as Juventus beat Lecce 4–1. In June 2007 he was loaned out to Serie A side Siena on a co-ownership agreement. He had a successful time there, starting nearly every match when fit and also scored twice and tallied several assists.



The 2013–14 season was Associazione Sportiva Roma's 86th in existence and 85th season in the top flight of Italian football. The pre-season started with the June hiring of Lille OSC manager Rudi Garcia. Garcia replaced caretaker manager Aurelio Andreazzoli who took charge after the sacking of Zdeněk Zeman in February 2013. Andreazzoli's reign had seen the continuation of a disappointing season, with the team ending up in 6th place in Serie A, whilst also losing 1–0 to regional rivals Lazio in the Coppa Italia final. As a result, Roma missed out on European competition for the second season in a row. The 2013–14 season, in contrast, saw one of Roma's best ever in Serie A, the club tallying an impressive 85 points and finishing second to Juventus, who won the league with a record-breaking 102 points. Roma's defense was significantly better than in previous seasons, with only 25 goals conceded and a total of 21 clean sheets, including nine in their first ten matches.

Total spending:  €76,290,000

Last updated: 18 May 2014




Stefano Torrisi (Italian pronunciation: [ˈsteːfano torˈriːzi]; born 7 May 1971) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender.[2]

Born in Ravenna, Torrisi played for Italian clubs Modena, Ravenna Calcio, Reggiana, Torino, Bologna, Reggina, and Parma throughout his career, and also had spells in Spain and France with Atlético Madrid and Marseille respectively. During his time with Reggiana he was briefly sold to Milan in the summer of 1994, but only featured in friendly matches for the club before being sold to Torino in June.[2][3][4][5][6]

Along with two other debutants, Giampiero Maini and Eusebio Di Francesco, Torrisi was named in Italy's squad for 1997 Tournoi de France under manager Cesare Maldini.[7][8] At the tournament he made his first and only appearance for the national team in a 2–2 draw with France.[9][10]



Simone Barone Ufficiale OMRI[1][2] (Italian pronunciation: [siˈmoːne baˈroːne]; born 30 April 1978) is an Italian football manager and former player, who played as a midfielder. He currently works as a manager for Serie A club U.S. Sassuolo Calcio's youth team. He played for several Italian clubs throughout his career, before coming to prominence with Palermo. At international level, he was part of the Italian side that won the 2006 FIFA World Cup, and represented the national side on 16 occasions between 2004 and 2006, scoring once.

Barone started his career making his first team debut on 4 May 1997 for Parma, against Atalanta. He then played for Padova of Serie C1 in 1998, Alzano Virescit of Serie B in 1999.

In summer 2000, he joined Chievo in a co-ownership deal, where he played for 2 seasons. He was loaned back to Parma in 2002–03 season, then bought back permanently in 2003, with Amauri moved to Chievo.



Angelo Di Livio (Italian pronunciation: [ˈandʒelo di ˈliːvjo]; born 26 July 1966) is an Italian former professional football midfielder and defender. He played for several Italian clubs in Serie A throughout his career, coming to prominence with Juventus, where he won several domestic and international titles. At international level he also played for the Italian national side in two FIFA World Cups and two UEFA European Football Championships, reaching the final of UEFA Euro 2000.

During his playing career he was known as soldatino (toy soldier) or soldatino Di Livio, a nickname his Juventus teammate at the time Roberto Baggio gave him because of Di Livio's characteristic way of running up and down the flank.[1][2]

Born in Rome, Di Livio began his career with Roma in 1984. Having failed to make an appearance in his only season for the club, Di Livio played for Reggiana (1985–86), Nocerina (1986–87), Perugia (1987–89), Padova (1989–93), Juventus (1993–99) and Fiorentina (1999–2005).



Gianluigi "Gigi" Buffon,[3][4] Ufficiale OMRI[5] (Italian pronunciation: [dʒanluˈiːdʒi bufˈfɔn, -ˈfon]; born 28 January 1978) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Juventus. He is widely regarded by players, pundits and managers as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time,[nb 1] and, by some, as the greatest ever.[nb 2] Buffon holds the record for the longest streak without conceding a goal in Serie A history: over 12 league matches, he went unbeaten for 974 consecutive minutes during the 2015–16 season, achieving the most consecutive clean sheets (10) during that run. Buffon also holds the record for the most clean sheets in Serie A, and with the Italy national team. He is one of the few recorded players to have made over 1,000 professional career appearances.

At club level, Buffon's professional career began with Parma in 1995, where he made his Serie A debut. He soon broke into the starting line-up and earned a reputation as one of the most promising young goalkeepers in Italy, helping Parma to win the Coppa Italia, the UEFA Cup, and the Supercoppa Italiana, in 1999. After joining Juventus in 2001, for the world record fee for a goalkeeper of €52 million at the time, Buffon won Serie A titles in both of his first two seasons at the club, and established himself as one of the best players in the world in his position. With Juventus, he won a record nine Serie A titles,[nb 3] four Coppa Italia titles, and five Supercoppa Italiana titles. He is the first goalkeeper to win Serie A Footballer of the Year award. He was named Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year a record 12 times. After reaching the 2015 and 2017 Champions League finals, he was named to the Champions League Squad of the Season on both occasions, and won the inaugural The Best FIFA Goalkeeper award in the latter year. After 17 years with Juventus, Buffon signed with French club Paris Saint-Germain at the age of 40 in 2018, where he was used in a rotational role with Alphonse Areola; he immediately won the Trophée des Champions and the Ligue 1 title in his only season with the team, before returning to Juventus the following year. During the 2019–20 season, he served primarily as a back-up to Wojciech Szczęsny, and equalled Paolo Maldini's record of 647 appearances in Serie A.

With 176 international caps, Buffon is the most capped player in the history of the Italy national team, the fourth-most capped footballer of all time, and the most capped European international player ever; Buffon also holds the record most appearances for Italy as captain after he inherited the armband in 2010. Buffon was called up for a record of five FIFA World Cup tournaments (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014) since making his debut in 1997; he was an unused substitute in the 1998 edition. He was the starting goalkeeper of the squad that won the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He also represented Italy at four European Championships, at the 1996 Olympics, and at two FIFA Confederations Cups, winning a bronze medal in the 2013 edition of the tournament. Following his performances during the 2006 FIFA World Cup, where he kept a record five clean sheets, he won the Yashin Award, in which he was also elected to be part of the Team of the Tournament; an honour which he also received after reaching the quarter-finals of the 2008 European Championship, and the final of the 2012 European Championship. He retired from international football in 2017, after Italy failed to qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup, although he later came out of retirement for the team's friendlies the following year, before officially confirming his international retirement in May 2018.

Massimo Mutarelli (born 13 January 1978) is an Italian retired football midfielder.

Mutarelli started his career at Serie A club Atalanta, making his debut in April 1996 in a 3–1 loss at home to Lazio.

After four seasons in Bergamo, Mutarelli was sold to Genoa in January 1998. With Genoa, Mutarelli made 138 appearances in Serie B.

In 2002, Mutarelli moved again, this time south to Palermo. He spent two seasons in Serie B with the rosanero, before the club made a glorious return to Serie A in 2004–05. He continued his excellent form in the top flight, and after one season was rewarded with a move to capital club Lazio, signed a 5-year contract as free agent.

Original file ‎(2,464 × 1,648 pixels, file size: 1.11 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

 

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0
CC BY-SA 3.0 
Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 
truetrue

Filippo Inzaghi



Francesco Totti Ufficiale OMRI[4] (Italian pronunciation: [franˈtʃesko ˈtɔtti];[5][6] born 27 September 1976) is an Italian former professional footballer who played for Roma and the Italy national team primarily as an attacking midfielder or second striker, but could also play as a lone striker or winger. He is often referred to as Er Bimbo de Oro (The Golden Boy), L'Ottavo Re di Roma (The Eighth King of Rome), Er Pupone (The Big Baby), Il Capitano  (The Captain), and Il Gladiatore (The Gladiator) by the Italian sports media. A creative offensive playmaker renowned for his vision, technique, and goalscoring ability, Totti is considered to be one of the greatest Italian players of all time, one of the best players of his generation, and Roma's greatest ever player.

Totti spent his entire career at Roma, winning a Serie A title, two Coppa Italia titles, and two Supercoppa Italiana titles. He is the second-highest scorer of all time in Italian league history with 250 goals, and is the sixth-highest scoring Italian in all competitions with 316 goals.[7] Totti is the top goalscorer and the most capped player in Roma's history, holds the record for the most goals scored in Serie A while playing for a single club, and also holds the record for the youngest club captain in the history of Serie A. In November 2014, Totti extended his record as the oldest goalscorer in UEFA Champions League history, aged 38 years and 59 days.

A 2006 FIFA World Cup winner and UEFA Euro 2000 finalist with Italy, Totti was selected in the All-Star team for both tournaments; he also represented his country at the 2002 World Cup and Euro 2004. In 2007, Totti announced his international retirement due to recurring physical problems[8] and in order to focus solely on club play with Roma.[9]

The Audi R8 is a mid-engine, 2-seater sports car,[2][3] which uses Audi's trademark quattro permanent all-wheel drive system.[2] It was introduced by the German car manufacturer Audi AG in 2006.

The car is exclusively designed, developed, and manufactured by Audi AG's private subsidiary company manufacturing high performance automotive parts, Audi Sport GmbH (formerly quattro GmbH),[4] and is based on the Lamborghini Gallardo and presently the Huracán platform.[5]  The fundamental construction of the R8 is based on the Audi Space Frame,[2] and uses an aluminium monocoque which is built using space frame principles. The car is built by Audi Sport GmbH in a newly renovated factory at Audi's 'aluminium site' at Neckarsulm in Germany.[2]

It is also the first production car with full-LED headlamps.[6]

The Audi R8, based on the Audi Le Mans quattro concept car (designed by Frank Lamberty and Julian Hoenig) first appeared at the 2003 International Geneva Motor Show and the 2003 Frankfurt International Motor Show. The R8 road car was officially launched at the Paris Auto Show on 30 September 2006. There was some confusion with the name, which the car shares with the 24 Hours of Le Mans winning R8 Le Mans Prototype (LMP). Initial models included the R8 4.2 FSI coupé (with a V8 engine) and R8 5.2 FSI coupé (with a V10 engine). Convertible models, called the Spyder by the manufacturer, were introduced in 2008. Followed by the high-performance GT model introduced in 2011. The Motorsport variants of the R8 were also subsequently introduced from 2008 onwards. An all-electric version called the e-Tron started development but would only reach production stage when the second generation model would be introduced.



The Ferrari 488 (Type F142M) is a mid-engine sports car produced by the Italian automobile manufacturer Ferrari. The car replaced the 458, being the first mid-engined Ferrari to use a turbocharged V8 since the F40.

The car is powered by a 3.9-litre twin-turbocharged V8 engine, smaller in displacement but generating a higher power output than the 458's naturally aspirated engine. The 488 GTB was named "The Supercar of the Year 2015" by car magazine Top Gear, as well as becoming Motor Trend's 2017 "Best Driver's Car".[7] Jeremy Clarkson announced the 488 Pista as his 2019 Supercar of the Year.[8] The 488 was succeeded by the F8 Tributo in February 2019.

The 488 GTB is powered by a 3,902 cc (3.9 L; 238.1 cu in) (488 cc per cylinder, thus the name) all-aluminum dry sump unit of the Ferrari F154 V8 engine family.[3] Turbocharged with two parallel ball-bearing twin-scroll turbochargers supplied by IHI/Honeywell and two air-to-air intercoolers, the turbine wheels are made of low-density TiAl alloy often used in jet engines to reduce inertia and resist high temperatures within the turbocharger. The engine generates a power output of 670 PS (493 kW; 661 hp) at 8,000 rpm and 760 N⋅m (561 lb⋅ft) of torque at 3,000 rpm.[9] This results in a specific power output of 126.3 kW (171.7 PS; 169.4 hp) per litre and specific torque output of 194.8 N⋅m (144 lb⋅ft) per litre, both records for a Ferrari automobile.



The Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG (C197 / R197) is a front mid-engine, 2-seater, limited production sports car developed by the Mercedes-AMG division of German automotive manufacturer Mercedes-Benz, with the assistance of David Coulthard.[4] The car, which is the successor to the Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren and was described by Mercedes-Benz as a spiritual successor to the Mercedes-Benz 300SL Gullwing, mainly because it was inspired by the latter.[5] SLS stands for "Super Leicht Sport" (Super Light Sport).

The SLS was the first Mercedes-Benz automobile designed and built from scratch entirely by AMG.[6] Upon its introduction at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show, the SLS AMG's 571 PS (420 kW; 563 hp) M159 engine was according to AMG "the world's most powerful naturally aspirated production series engine" ever produced.[7]

An electric version of the car, the SLS AMG Electric Drive, was presented at the 2012 Paris Motor Show.[clarification needed] Production ended in 2014 with the introduction of the SLS AMG GT Final Edition.[8]



The Ferrari 458 Italia (Type F142) is a mid-engine sports car produced by the Italian automobile manufacturer Ferrari.  The 458 replaced the F430, and was first officially unveiled at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show.[5][6] It was succeeded by the 488, which was unveiled at the 2015 Geneva Motor Show.[7]

In Ferrari's first official announcement of the car, the 458 was described as the successor to the F430 but arising from an entirely new design, incorporating technologies developed from the company's experience in Formula One.[8]

The body computer system was developed by Magneti Marelli.

The Audi Le Mans quattro is a concept car, developed by German automobile manufacturer Audi, for presentation at the 2003 Frankfurt Motor Show, in order to celebrate Audi's three successive wins at the arduous 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance race in 2000, 2001, and 2002. It was the third and final concept car designed by Audi in 2003, following the Pikes Peak quattro and the Nuvolari quattro.[1][2]

Audi's subsidiary quattro GmbH subsequently decided to produce the Audi Le Mans quattro as a production road car, calling it the R8, naming it after their very successful R8 LMP race car, which won the 24 Hours of Le Mans five times.

The Audi Le Mans Quattro has a number of high-tech features, including the headlights which are composed entirely of light-emitting diodes (LEDs). The structural framework of the body, the Audi Space Frame (ASF) shared with the Lamborghini Gallardo, is made entirely of aluminium, while the outer skin is made out of carbon fibre and aluminium. The car also features an electronically controlled rear spoiler which raises at 70 mph (110 km/h).

The Le Mans quattro featured the magnetic ride magneto rheological dampers, also installed in the latest TT, which gives the car a firmer and more responsive drive and improved handling characteristics. In Audi tradition, the car features quattro permanent four-wheel drive to optimise traction and handling.

The Audi A4 is a line of compact executive cars produced since 1994 by the German car manufacturer Audi, a subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group.

The A4 has been built in five generations and is based on the Volkswagen Group B platform. The first generation A4 succeeded the Audi 80. The automaker's internal numbering treats the A4 as a continuation of the Audi 80 lineage, with the initial A4 designated as the B5-series, followed by the B6, B7, B8 and the B9. The B8 and B9 versions of the A4 are built on the Volkswagen Group MLB platform shared with many other Audi models and potentially one Porsche model within Volkswagen Group.[2]

The Audi A4 automobile layout consists of a front-engine design, with transaxle-type transmissions mounted at the rear of the engine. The cars are front-wheel drive, or on some models, "quattro" all-wheel drive.

The A4 is available as a sedan and station wagon. The second (B6) and third generations (B7) of the A4 also had a convertible version, but the B8 version of the convertible became a variant of the Audi A5 instead as Audi got back into the compact executive coupé segment.



The Porsche 911 GT3 is a high-performance homologation model of the Porsche 911 sports car. It is a line of high-performance models, which began with the 1973 911 Carrera RS. The GT3, introduced in 1999, is named after the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) Group GT3 class, in which its racing counterpart was designed to compete.

The GT3 has had a successful racing career in the one-make national and regional Porsche Carrera Cup and GT3 Cup Challenge series, as well as the international Porsche Supercup supporting the FIA Formula 1 World Championship.

The "GT3" nameplate was introduced in 1999 as part of the first generation of the Porsche 996 model range (commonly known as 996.1[2]) as a homologation model for the cars entered in the FIA GT3 cup. As with Porsche's previous 911 RS models, the 996 GT3 was focused on racing, and so was devoid of items that added unnecessary weight to the car. Sound deadening was almost completely removed, as were the rear seats, rear loud speakers, sunroof, and air conditioning, although automatic air conditioning and CD/radio became no-cost optional add-ons.

1,569 kg (3,460 lb) (Spider)[4] 
1,497 kg (3,300 lb) (Scuderia Spider 16M)[5]

The Ferrari F430 (Type F131) is a sports car produced by the Italian automobile manufacturer Ferrari from 2004 to 2009 as a successor to the Ferrari 360. The car is an update to the 360 with notable exterior and performance changes. It was unveiled at the 2004 Paris Motor Show.[7]  The F430 was succeeded by the 458 which was unveiled on 28 July 2009.[8]

Designed by Pininfarina in collaboration with Frank Stephenson (Director of Ferrari-Maserati Concept Design and Development), the body styling of the F430 was revised from its predecessor, the Ferrari 360, to improve its aerodynamic efficiency. Although the drag coefficient remained the same, downforce was greatly enhanced. Despite sharing the same basic Alcoa Aluminium chassis, roof line, doors and glass, the car looked significantly different from the 360. A great extent of Ferrari heritage was included in the exterior design.  At the rear, the Enzo's tail lights and engine cover vents were added. The car's name was etched on the Testarossa-styled driver's side mirror. The large oval openings in the front bumper are reminiscent of Ferrari racing models from the 60s, specifically the 156 "sharknose" Formula One car and 250 TR61 Le Mans cars of Phil Hill.

The F430 features a 4,308 cc (4.3 L) V8 petrol engine of the "Ferrari-Maserati" F136 family. This new power plant was a significant departure for Ferrari, as all previous Ferrari V8's were descendants of the Dino racing program of the 1950s. This fifty-year development cycle came to an end with the entirely new 4.3L engine used in the F430, the architecture of which is expected to replace the Dino-derived V12 in most other Ferrari cars. The engine's output specifications are: 490 PS (360 kW; 483 hp),[9] at 8,500 rpm and 465 N⋅m (343 lb⋅ft) of torque at 5,250 rpm, 80% of which is available below 3,500 rpm. Despite a 20% increase in displacement, engine weight grew by only 4 kg (8.8 lb) along with a decrease in diameter for easier packaging. The connecting rods, pistons and crankshaft were all entirely new, while the 4-valve cylinder head, valves and intake trumpets were directly retained from Formula 1 engines, for ideal volumetric efficiency. The F430 has a top speed in excess of 196 mph (315 km/h)[2] and can accelerate from 0 to 60 mph (97 km/h) in 3.6 seconds, 0.6 seconds quicker than the old model.[10]

The Audi A8 is a four-door, full-size, luxury sedan manufactured and marketed by the German automaker Audi since 1994. Succeeding the Audi V8, and now in its fourth generation, the A8 has been offered with both front- or permanent all-wheel drive—and in short- and long-wheelbase variants. The first two generations employed the Volkswagen Group D platform, with the current generation deriving from the MLB platform. After the original model's 1994 release, Audi released the second generation in late 2002, the third in late 2009, and the fourth and current iteration in 2017.

Notable for being the first mass-market car with an aluminium chassis, all A8 models have used this construction method co-developed with Alcoa and marketed as the Audi Space Frame.[1]

A mechanically-upgraded, high-performance version of the A8 debuted in 1996 as the Audi S8. Produced exclusively at Audi's Neckarsulm plant, the S8 is fitted standard with Audi's quattro all-wheel drive system, and is available in short- and long-wheelbase form, the latter coming in 2020.[2]

In 1982, Ferdinand Piëch signed an agreement with Aluminum Company of America. The objective was to design and develop a car that would be substantially lighter than any other vehicles in its class (to compensate for the fact that standard all-wheel drive was around 100 kg (220 lb) heavier than competitors' rear-wheel drive). In the late 1980s, it was decided that the target vehicle would be a successor to the V8 (Typ 4C) flagship introduced in 1988. By 1990, a final design by Chris Bird and Dirk van Braeckel was chosen and frozen for series production in mid-1991. In September 1993, the Audi Space Frame (ASF) Concept was unveiled at the 1993 Frankfurt Motor Show (IAA) as a D2 Typ 4D prototype in polished aluminum. Pilot production began in December 1993 and development ended in early 1994, at a total cost of $700 million (£418.1 million).[6]



The Mercedes-AMG GT (C190 / R190) is a sports car produced in coupé and roadster bodystyles by German automobile manufacturer Mercedes-AMG. The car was introduced on 9 September 2014 (2014-09-09) and was officially unveiled to the public in October 2014 at the Paris Motor Show.[4] After the SLS AMG, it is the second sports car developed entirely in-house by Mercedes-AMG. Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton assisted with the development. The Mercedes-AMG GT went on sale in two variants (GT and GT S) in March 2015, while a GT3 racing variant of the car was introduced in 2015. A high performance variant called the GT R was introduced in 2016. A GT4 racing variant, targeted at semi-professional drivers and based on the GT R variant, was introduced in 2017. All variants are assembled at the Mercedes-Benz plant in Sindelfingen, Germany.

The interior of the Mercedes-AMG GT was previewed on 16 April 2014.[5] The car made its debut on 9 September 2014 and was officially unveiled to the public in October 2014 at the Paris Motor Show with two engine power output options: the GT, with 340 kW (462 PS; 456 hp), and the GT S with 375 kW (510 PS; 503 hp).[4] The GT generates 600 N⋅m (443 lb⋅ft) of torque, and the GT S generates 650 N⋅m (479 lb⋅ft) of torque.[4]

Shortly after its introduction, Mercedes-AMG CEO Tobias Moers promised a Black Series variant of the Mercedes-AMG GT.[6] The new high performance variant was called the AMG GT R.[7]

The BMW M6 is a high-performance version of the 6 Series marketed under the BMW M sub-brand from 1983–2018 (with a break from 1990–2004). Introduced in the coupe body style, the M6 was also built in convertible and fastback sedan ('Gran Coupe') body styles for later generations. 

A M6 model was built for every subsequent  generation of the 6 Series, with the exclusion of the G32 generation.[1] Production of the M6 ended in 2018 and it was replaced by the BMW M8 (F91/F92/F93) in 2019.[2]

The M6 lineage began in 1983 with the M635CSi model of the E24 6 Series range, which was powered by the M88/3 DOHC straight-six engine (which was a modified version of the engine used in the BMW M1 supercar). In most countries, the model was badged the M635CSi, however the equivalent model in North America and Japan was simply badged in "M6".[3]

The European-specification M635CSi used the M88/3 engine (without a catalytic converter), which generated 210 kW (286 PS; 282 hp) at 6,500 rpm and 340 N⋅m (251 lb⋅ft) at 4,500 rpm.[4] The M6 version, sold in North America and Japan, used the S38B35 engine (with catalytic converter), which generated 256 hp (191 kW; 260 PS) and 330 N⋅m (243 lb⋅ft) at the same engine speeds.[5] The catalyzed engine was also used in European and other market cars beginning in the summer of 1987, with identical specifications to the federalized engine.[6] The sole transmission for all models was a 5-speed Getrag 280 manual transmission.[7][8]

The Ducati Streetfighter is a streetfighter-style motorcycle produced by Ducati.[2]
The Streetfighter was designed by Damien Basset of the Ducati design team.[3] Ducati sold the Streetfighter in three variations – the Streetfighter 1099 cc from 2009 to 2011, the Streetfighter S 1099 cc from 2009 to 2012, and the Streetfighter 848 849 cc from 2011 to 2015.

The Streetfighter 848 won the Cycle World Best Middleweight Streetbike title in 2013.[4] Eric Piscione once held the Middleweight lap record at the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb.



The Aston Martin Vantage GT4 is an updated version of the Aston Martin V8 Vantage N24, debuting in late 2008. Its primary alteration is the introduction of the new 4.7-litre V8 that also debuted in the production V8 Vantage. This replaces the 4.3-litre V8 in the V8 Vantage N24.[1]

The Aston Martin Vantage GT4 is the evolution of the successful Aston Martin V8 Vantage N24 car. It has an enlarged 4.7-litre engine and uprated suspension, allowing for increased camber and castor angles. The brakes have also been uprated with larger diameter front discs and racing pads.

The Vantage GT4 car has been built to FIA GT4 regulations making it eligible to compete in FIA European GT4 and FIA GT4 world endurance races.



The Aston Martin DB11 is a grand tourer[2] produced by British luxury car manufacturer Aston Martin since 2016. It debuted at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2016 as a replacement to the DB9.[3] It is the first model launched in Aston Martin's 'second century' plan and the first car launched since the company's tie-up with Daimler AG.

New design features include new roof strakes that separate the body from the roof, available in black or body colour, and the "Aeroblade" intakes in the front strakes.[4]

The bonnet is a 'clam-shell' design made from a single piece of aluminium. The DB11 does not use the older Aston Martin VH platform but makes use of an all-new riveted and adhesive-bonded aluminium platform that shifts the emphasis from extrusions to stampings to create more cockpit space which would also underpin future Aston Martin models; including the Vantage.[5][6]

The Audi e-tron is a fully-electric mid-size luxury[2] crossover SUV produced by Audi, which was unveiled as a concept car at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show. It is the company's first electric mass production car, and was first delivered in May 2019. It has an EPA range of 204 miles (328 km).

A Sportback variant entered production in early 2020.[3]

The Audi e-tron is based on the e-tron quattro concept that was unveiled at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.[4] The final production version was revealed in San Francisco on 17 September 2018,[5] and it publicly debuted at the 2018 Paris Motor Show.[6]

Scheduled[by whom?][when?] for deliveries in Europe by December 2018, it got delayed to 2019 (customers reported expected delivery dates close to the end of 2019 - see the paragraph below); the car's certification in Germany by the KBA (Federal Motor Transport Authority) was not obtained until required changes were made to the car's software.[7][8][9] In January 2019, United States market deliveries were due to commence in June.[10]

The Audi RS 4 is the high-performance variant of the Audi A4 range produced by  Audi Sport GmbH, for AUDI AG, a division of the  Volkswagen Group. It slots distinctly above the Audi S4, as the fastest, most sports-focused car based on the A4's "B" automobile platform. The RS 4 made a return in 2012, in Avant form based on the A4 Avant.

The original B5 version was produced only as an Avant, Audi's name for an estate car/station wagon. The second version, the B7, was released initially as a four-door five-seat saloon/sedan, with the Avant following a short while later. A two-door four-seat Cabriolet version was subsequently added. Furthermore, their unique internal combustion engines are all front-mounted, and are longitudinally oriented. The transmission is mounted immediately at the rear of the engine in a longitudinal orientation, in the form of a transaxle, and contains both a center and front differential.

The "RS" initials are taken from the German: RennSport—literally translated as "racing sport", and is the Audi marque's highest trim level, positioned above the "S" model specification of Audi's regular model line-up. Like all Audi "RS" cars, the RS 4 pioneers some of Audi's latest advanced technology, and could therefore be described as a "halo vehicle".  Furthermore, it is only available with Audi's Torsen-based "trademark" quattro permanent four-wheel drive system.

Its main market competitors include the BMW M3, Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG, Lexus IS-F and Cadillac ATS-V.[1]



The Pagani Zonda is a mid-engine sports car produced by the Italian sports car manufacturer Pagani. It debuted at the 1999 Geneva Motor Show. By 2018, a total of 140 cars had been built, including development mules. Both 2-door coupé and roadster variants have been produced along with a third new variant being the barchetta. Construction is mainly of carbon fibre.

The Zonda was originally to be named the "Fangio F1" after Formula One champion Juan Manuel Fangio, but, following his death in 1995, it was renamed for the Zonda wind, a regional term for a hot air current above Argentina.[4]

The Zonda C12[5] debuted in 1999 at the Geneva Motor Show. It is powered by a 6.0 L (366 cu in) Mercedes-Benz M120 V12 engine having a power output of either 400 PS (294 kW; 395 hp) or 450 PS (331 kW; 444 hp) at 5,200 rpm and 550–640 N⋅m (406–472 lb⋅ft) of torque at 4,200 rpm mated to a 5-speed manual transmission.



Holden Special Vehicles (HSV) is the officially designated performance vehicle division of Holden. Established in 1987 and based in Clayton, Victoria, the company modified Holden models such as the standard wheelbase Commodore, long wheelbase Caprice and commercial Ute for domestic and export sale. HSV also modified other non-Holden cars within the General Motors portfolio in low volumes.

Vehicles produced by HSV have generally been marketed under the HSV brand name. However, in the early years, some retailed under the Holden brand in Australia whereas most cars for export (other than in New Zealand and Singapore) retailed under different names (namely, Vauxhall and Chevrolet Special Vehicles).

Holden and Tom Walkinshaw Racing – an operation owned by Scottish  racing-car driver and entrepreneur Tom Walkinshaw – established Holden Special Vehicles (HSV) as a joint venture in 1987. HSV effectively replaced the Holden Dealer Team (HDT) special-vehicles operation run by Peter Brock, after Holden severed its ties with HDT in February 1987 following the Energy Polarizer and "HDT Director" controversies. With the more recent demise of TWR's global companies, HSV still remains a partnership between Holden and Walkinshaw, the joint ownership company being Premoso Pty Ltd.

The Ferrari FF (Type F151) (FF meaning "Ferrari Four", for four seats and four-wheel drive) is a grand tourer[5] presented by Italian automobile manufacturer Ferrari on March 1, 2011 at the Geneva Motor Show as a successor to the 612 Scaglietti grand tourer.[1] It is Ferrari's first production four-wheel drive model.[5] The body style has been described as a shooting-brake,[6] a type of sporting hatchback/estate car with two doors.[7] The FF has a top speed of 335 km/h (208 mph) and it accelerates from 0 to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 3.7 seconds.[4][8] Ferrari states that the FF was the world's fastest four-seat automobile[9] upon its release to the public. The FF costs US$300,000,[10]  with 800 being produced during the first year.[11]

At the time of its introduction, the Ferrari FF had the largest road-going Ferrari engine ever produced: a F140 EB 6,262 cc (6.3 L; 382.1 cu in) naturally aspirated direct injected 65° V12, which is rated at 485 kW (659 PS; 650 hp) at 8,000 rpm and 683 N⋅m (504 lb⋅ft) of torque at 6,000 rpm.[8]

The FF is equipped with a 7-speed dual-clutch transmission and paddle shift system similar to the California, the 458 Italia, and the F12berlinetta.[2][12]

The new four-wheel drive system, engineered and patented by Ferrari, is called 4RM:[13] it is around 50% lighter than a conventional system, and provides power intelligently to each of the four wheels as needed.[1]  It functions only when the manettino dial on the steering wheel is in the "comfort" or "snow" positions, leaving the car most often in the traditional rear wheel drive layout.[14]



The BMW Z4 (E89) is the second generation of the BMW Z4 range of two-door roadsters, and was produced from 2009 to 2016. The E89 replaced the E85/E86 Z4 and is the fourth model in the BMW Z Series.

The E89 Z4 was the first Z Series model to use a retractable hardtop roof, which meant 
that there were no longer separate roadster and coupé versions of the car.[1] There was no Z4 M model for the E89 generation.[2]

The Z4 (E89) was succeeded by the Z4 (G29) in 2018.[3]

The Nissan GT-R is a high-performance sports car and grand tourer produced by Nissan, which was unveiled in 2007.[2][3][4] It is the successor to the Skyline GT-R, although no longer part of the Skyline range itself, that name now being used for Nissan's luxury-sport market.

Between 1969 and 1974, and again between 1989 and 2002, Nissan produced a high performance version of its Skyline coupe called the Nissan Skyline GT-R. This car proved to be iconic for Nissan[5][6] and achieved much fame and success on both road and track.

The GT-R is an entirely new model sharing little with the Skyline GT-R save its signature four round tail lights. Like some later generations of the Skyline GT-R, the GT-R has all-wheel drive with a twin-turbocharged 6-cylinder engine. But the four-wheel-steering HICAS system has been removed and the former straight-6 RB26DETT engine has been replaced with a new VR38DETT V6 engine.[7] Because of the GT-R's heritage, the chassis code for the all-new version has been called CBA-R35,[8] or R35 for short (where CBA stands for the emissions standard prefix), carrying on the naming trend from previous Skyline GT-R generations.

The GT-R has also retained its Skyline predecessor's nickname, Godzilla,[9] originally given to it by the Australian motoring publication Wheels in its July 1989 edition.



The Porsche 991 was the internal designation for the seventh generation of the Porsche 911 sports car, which was unveiled at the 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show on 15 September as the replacement for the 997. The 991 was an entirely new platform, only the third since the original 911 launched in 1963 (the 996 of 1999 was the second new platform). Production of the 991 generation ended on December 20, 2019, with 233,540 units produced.[1]

Compared to the 997, the 991 is slightly larger, with the wheelbase increased by 100 mm (3.9 in) to 2,450 mm (96.5 in), and the overall length up by 70 mm (2.8 in) to 4,490 mm (176.8 in).[2] A new transaxle was developed so that the rear wheels could be moved 76 mm (3 in) backward in relation to the position of the engine, which significantly improves the weight distribution and cornering performance of the car.[3][4]

Due to the use of high-strength steel, aluminium and some composites, the weight was reduced to 1,380 kg (3,042 lb) for the manual Carrera, rising to 1,605 kg (3,538 lb) for the all wheel drive Turbo model with PDK transmission (Porsche Doppelkupplung). PDK is available as an option for all 911 Carrera models as a 7-speed transmission, featuring manual and automatic modes. Gears 1 to 6 have a sports ratio and top speed is reached in 6th gear. 7th gear has a long ratio and helps to reduce fuel consumption by keeping engine revs low. The PDK is essentially two gearboxes merged into a single unit and thus requires two clutches. For all 991 models, the PDK is produced by ZF Friedrichshafen. The auto start/stop function is standard on all variants of the 911 Carrera.

The Ferrari 812 Superfast[6] (Type F152M) is a front mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive grand tourer produced by Italian sports car manufacturer Ferrari that made its debut at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show. The 812 Superfast is the successor to the F12berlinetta.[6]

The car has an enlarged 6,496 cc (6.5 L) version of the F140 V12 compared to the 6.3-litre engine used in the F12berlinetta. The engine generates a power output of 800 PS (588 kW; 789 hp) at 8,500 rpm and 718 N⋅m (530 lb⋅ft) of torque at 7,000 rpm.[7][8] The 812 Superfast's engine is, as of 2018, the most powerful naturally aspirated production car engine ever made according to the manufacturer.

Despite having possessed powertrain technology expertise in forced induction (mainly turbocharging) and hybrid disciplines, Ferrari has made clear that none of those technologies are being incorporated in the legendary front-engine, rear wheel-drive, V12-engined berlinetta design—at present and in future—due to heritage reasons.

The transmission for the 812 Superfast is a dual-clutch 7-speed F1 automated manual gearbox manufactured for Ferrari by Getrag, based on the gearbox used in the 458.[9]

The Lexus LF line is a series of concept cars built by Lexus, the luxury vehicle division of Toyota Motor Corporation. The "LF" designation refers to Lexus Future.[citation needed] The LF Series vehicles features coupes/convertibles, including: the LF-A, the LF-A Roadster, LF-LC, LF-CC, and the LF-C; sedans: the LF-S, LF-Sh, and LF-Gh; crossover SUVs: the LF-X and LF-Xh; and hatchbacks: the LF-Ch. The first concept vehicle of the LF Series, the LF-X, appeared in 2003. The LF Series utilizes L-finesse,[1] a design philosophy named for "Leading Edge" and "finesse", which debuted on the LF Series concepts and later extended to all new production Lexus vehicles. New vehicle technologies on the LF Series include advanced instrumentation, multiple driver-selected vehicle configurations, hybrid and experimental powertrains, and unconventional driver interface designs.[2][3] The vehicles also feature new design cues which derive from the L-finesse design language of "Intriguing Elegance" (純), "Incisive Simplicity" (妙), and "Seamless Anticipation" (予).[4] Several of the LF concept vehicles have appeared close to their production counterparts, while the design cues of other LF concepts appeared on more distinctly different production vehicles.

The LF-A is a 2-door exotic concept car built as a prospective halo car for the Lexus division. Three versions have been shown, the first of which debuted at the 2005 North American International Auto Show (NAIAS).[5] The designation stands for Lexus Future-Advance.[6] The first concept was about five inches shorter than the Porsche 911 Turbo (996) with a wheelbase about nine inches longer, and was nearly 48 inches (1,200 mm) in height about equal to the Ferrari F430 with a width of 73.2 in (1,859 mm).  It was powered by a V10 engine displacing 4.8 liters, generating over 550 hp (410 kW) and had a top speed around 208 mph (335 km/h). To maintain a near ideal weight distribution a rear transaxle is used and the radiators are mounted at the rear.[7]  A second revised version with a more completely furnished interior and exterior was unveiled two years later at the 2007 NAIAS as a possible future member of the Lexus F marque performance lineup.  The interior gauges revealed a 9,000 RPM redline, however news reports speculated that it might not make the production version.[8] The third version of the LF-A concept, a roadster model, premiered in 2008.

Reports in 2006 indicated that the LF-A concept car had received the green-light for production.[9] Prototypes of the LF-A had been spotted regularly undergoing testing at Nürburgring since October 2004,[10] the famous motorsport race track in Nürburg, Germany.[11] Numerous test vehicles have been equipped with automatic retractable rear wings, and carbon ceramic brake discs.[12] The production vehicles were expected to carry V10 engines,[13][14] putting the car in market competition with the Lamborghini Gallardo, Ferrari F430, the Porsche 911 (997), and the Chevrolet Corvette C6 ZR1. Pricing was estimated at over $225,000,[15] and close to $400,000.[16] In December 2007, Auto Express reported that the LF-A had set an unofficial 7:24 lap record at the Nürburgring.[17][18] The production $375,000 Lexus LFA supercar debuted in 2009.

Designated LF-AR or LF-A Roadster, the roadster version of the LF-A concept car was first displayed at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit on January 13, 2008. Derived from the LF-A,[19] the designation stands for Lexus Future-Advance Roadster. Initial specifications for the roadster are a V10 engine under 5.0 L with over 500 hp (373 kW) and a top speed of over 200 mph (320 km/h).[20] The LF-A Roadster was also revealed to have a retractable rear spoiler for improved handling at speed. The LF-A Roadster show model featured side cameras in place of standard mirrors, and a two-tone interior.  The model was designated with "F" badges indicating its place as a member of the Lexus F performance division.

The Ferrari FXX is a high-performance track-only developmental prototype built by Italian automobile manufacturer Ferrari. The FXX is based on the street-legal flagship Enzo Ferrari. Production of the FXX began in 2005.

The FXX uses some technology demonstrated on the Enzo Ferrari and combines it with new developments from Ferrari and its suppliers. However, the car is only a part of the overall FXX program. Customers pay GB£2 million, but are only allowed to drive the car on special track days which are approved by Ferrari. After they drive the car, the owners are entitled to be debriefed by Ferrari on the car's performance. Ferrari's sister company Maserati, has developed a similar car, the MC12 Corsa for this purpose with the only difference being that the owners can keep the car in their custody. The FXX on the other hand, may be stored by owners wherever they please. The caveat behind the FXX is only that Ferrari technicians must look over the car "before the car hits the track in any event or private testing session."[3]

The FXX, an evolution of the Enzo in essence, shares some components with the flagship car, but numerous significant developments are unique to the FXX.

The FXX's engine is based on Enzo's, but displacement has been increased to 6,262.45 cc (6.3 L; 382.2 cu in) from 5,998 cc (6.0 L; 366.0 cu in). Power output has been raised from the Enzo's 660 PS (485 kW; 651 hp) at 7,800 rpm, to 800 PS (588 kW; 789 hp) at 8,500 rpm.

The 2010 Race of Champions was the 23rd running of the event, and took place over 27–28 November 2010 at the Esprit Arena in Düsseldorf, Germany. It was the first time the event had been held in Germany since 1989, when it was held at the Nürburgring.[1]

Team Germany won a fourth consecutive Nations Cup with Michael Schumacher and Sebastian Vettel defeating Team Britain's Andy Priaulx and Jason Plato 2–1 in the final.[2] In the driver-by-driver Race of Champions itself, Portugal's Filipe Albuquerque defeated multiple World Rally Champion Sébastien Loeb 2–1 in the final.[3]







The McLaren MP4-12C, later known simply as the McLaren 12C,[3] is a sports car designed and manufactured by McLaren Automotive.  It is the first ever production car wholly designed and built by McLaren,[4] and their first production road car produced since the McLaren F1, which ended production in 1998.  The car's final design was unveiled in September 2009 and was launched in mid-2011.

The MP4-12C uses a carbon fibre composite chassis, and is powered by a longitudinally-mounted McLaren M838T 3.8 L (3,799 cc) twin-turbocharged V8 engine, generating approximately 600 PS (592 hp; 441 kW) at 7,500 rpm and around 600 N⋅m (443 lbf⋅ft) of torque at 5,600 rpm. The car makes use of Formula 1-sourced technologies such as "brake steer",[5] where the inside rear wheel is braking during fast cornering to reduce understeer. Power is transmitted to the wheels through a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission manufactured by SSG. The entire drivetrain is the first to be entirely designed and produced in house by McLaren.

A convertible version of the car called the MP4-12C Spider, renamed the 12C Spider in 2012, is also available. In February 2014, McLaren announced the related 650S, with revised bodywork, upgraded engine and other technical improvements. In April 2014, McLaren announced the end of production of the 12C.[6]

List of Volkswagen Group diesel engines. The compression-ignition diesel engines listed below are currently[when?] used by various marques of automobiles and commercial vehicles of the German automotive concern, Volkswagen Group,[1] and also in Volkswagen Marine[2] and Volkswagen Industrial Motor[3] applications. All listed engines operate on the four-stroke cycle, and unless stated otherwise, use a wet sump lubrication system, and are water-cooled.[1]

Previous Volkswagen Group Diesel engines are in the list of discontinued Volkswagen Group diesel engines article.

The EA111 series of internal combustion engines was introduced in the mid-1970s in the Audi 50, and shortly after in the original Volkswagen Polo. It is a series of water-cooled inline three- and inline four-cylinder petrol and Diesel engines, in a variety of displacement sizes. This overhead camshaft engine features a crossflow cylinder head design, and directly driven auxiliary units.[clarification needed] The exhaust side is in driving direction, closest to the front of the vehicle.

EA288 engine family is based on EA189 engine family. EA288 diesel shares displacement, cylinder spacing[when defined as?], stroke and bore ratio with the EA189 and the new EA211 gasoline engines.[4] It is a family of 3-cylinder and 4-cylinder diesel engines featuring modular diesel engine system (MDB (Modularer Dieselmotorbaukasten)),[5][6][7] with dual-loop EGR system, with high pressure EGR and a cooled low-pressure EGR loops; variable valve train (VVT) with a camshaft adjuster, Bosch CRS 2-20 2000 bar common rail injection system, cylinder pressure control, a modular close-coupled aftertreatment system that includes a flow-through catalyst followed by a wall-flow diesel particulate filter (DPF). Euro 6 and US Tier 2 emission compliance is achieved via NOx adsorber-based system for smaller size vehicles or urea-SCR system for larger vehicles. Other features included low-friction bearings for the camshaft and balancer shafts, piston rings that have less pre-tension, a two-stage oil pump with volumetric flow control.[8][9]

The Audi R8 is a mid-engine, 2-seater sports car,[2][3] which uses Audi's trademark quattro permanent all-wheel drive system.[2] It was introduced by the German car manufacturer Audi AG in 2006.

The car is exclusively designed, developed, and manufactured by Audi AG's private subsidiary company manufacturing high performance automotive parts, Audi Sport GmbH (formerly quattro GmbH),[4] and is based on the Lamborghini Gallardo and presently the Huracán platform.[5]  The fundamental construction of the R8 is based on the Audi Space Frame,[2] and uses an aluminium monocoque which is built using space frame principles. The car is built by Audi Sport GmbH in a newly renovated factory at Audi's 'aluminium site' at Neckarsulm in Germany.[2]

It is also the first production car with full-LED headlamps.[6]

The Audi R8, based on the Audi Le Mans quattro concept car (designed by Frank Lamberty and Julian Hoenig) first appeared at the 2003 International Geneva Motor Show and the 2003 Frankfurt International Motor Show. The R8 road car was officially launched at the Paris Auto Show on 30 September 2006. There was some confusion with the name, which the car shares with the 24 Hours of Le Mans winning R8 Le Mans Prototype (LMP). Initial models included the R8 4.2 FSI coupé (with a V8 engine) and R8 5.2 FSI coupé (with a V10 engine). Convertible models, called the Spyder by the manufacturer, were introduced in 2008. Followed by the high-performance GT model introduced in 2011. The Motorsport variants of the R8 were also subsequently introduced from 2008 onwards. An all-electric version called the e-Tron started development but would only reach production stage when the second generation model would be introduced.



The SEAT Ibiza is a supermini car manufactured by Spanish car manufacturer SEAT since 1984. It is SEAT's best-selling car.[2] The Ibiza is named after the Spanish island of Ibiza, and it is the second SEAT model to be named after a Spanish city, after the SEAT Ronda.

It was introduced at the 1984 Paris Motor Show as the first car developed by SEAT as an independent company, though it was designed by SEAT in collaboration with well-known firms such as Italdesign, Karmann and Porsche.[2]

From the second generation version onwards, SEAT formed part of the German automotive industry concern Volkswagen Group, and all further Ibiza generations, as well as the rest of the SEAT model range, were built on Volkswagen Group platforms, parts and technologies.

The SEAT Córdoba was the saloon, estate and coupé version of the SEAT Ibiza supermini car, built by the Spanish automaker SEAT. It was manufactured between 1993 and 2010, and was related with the second and third generations of the Ibiza.

The first generation Córdoba was presented at the 1993 Frankfurt Motor Show, and launched in the summer of the same year, penned by Italian designer Giorgetto Giugiaro and based on the chassis of the SEAT Ibiza Mk2 which would spawn the Volkswagen Polo Mk3 the following year.[citation needed]

The first generation was officially unveiled in February 1993. Its 1.4, 1.6, 1.8 and 2.0 litre petrol engines were also found in the Volkswagen Polo and Ibiza, as was the 1.9 TDI.[citation needed]

Though based on the Polo and Ibiza, its extended rear overhang meant its length was close to a Golf but still smaller than the Jetta. It featured a boot space of 455 litres (16.1 cu ft) which could be extended up to 762 litres (26.9 cu ft) by folding rear seats.[1]

The SEAT Inca (Typ 9K) was a van and panel van produced by the Spanish manufacturer SEAT between 1995 and 2003. It was designed and assembled in Spain, based on the SEAT Ibiza Mark 2. It was first shown at the Barcelona Motor Show of 1995.

The SEAT Inca had two rear wing doors which, because they were non symmetrical, were supposed to facilitate loading and unloading. Capable of carrying a payload of 550 kg (1,213 lb) [1] and towing a 1,000 kg (2,205 lb) [1] braked trailer the Inca proved to be a strong work horse in many markets.

The Inca came with 1.4 60 brake horsepower (45 kW; 61 PS)[1] and 1.6 75 bhp (56 kW; 76 PS)[1] petrol engines, and was also available with the tried and tested 64 bhp (48 kW; 65 PS)[1] 1.9 (1896cc) indirect injection diesel engine from the Volkswagen Golf and Volkswagen Polo, or a 90 bhp (67 kW) Turbocharged Direct Injection (TDI) diesel[1] in certain countries. 

A 64 bhp (48 kW; 65 PS) 1.9 Suction Diesel Injection (SDI) direct injection diesel with electronic control and improved economy over the indirect injection engine was also available onwards from 1999.

The Volkswagen Polo Mk3 is the third generation of the Volkswagen Polo supermini car and was produced from 1994 until 2003, with a facelift at the end of 1999. It was available in hatchback, sedan and wagon body styles. Hatchback didn't share the same platform and Seat Ibiza, but saloon and estate models were rebadged Seat Córdoba.

The hatchback underwent a major facelift in 2000, while the saloon and the estate received only minor refinements.[2] It now had a more different exterior and interior design than the also facelifted Seat Ibiza.[3] In 2001, it was discontinued and replaced by its successor, the Volkswagen Polo Mk4, but it continued production in Argentina, where the saloon was facelifted in 2004,[4] receiving the exterior design applied to the facelifted Seat Córdoba and the interior of the facelifted Volkswagen Polo.[5]

The MK3 Polo was unveiled on 31 August 1994, and was immediately available in left-hand drive form for continental markets,[6] and was launched on the right-hand drive UK market in October that year. It was the first completely new Polo to be launched since the MK2 model in 1981; although that model had undergone a major restyle in 1990. It was also the first version of the Polo to be available with five doors as well as three doors. The initial range consisted of new 1.0 and 1.6 petrol engines; the 1.3 unit was carried over from the previous Polo but discontinued a year later in favour a new 1.4 unit, which became available around the same time as a 1.9 diesel and turbo-diesel models. The availability of a diesel Polo for the first time on the UK market brought it into line with almost all of its competitors, while the Polo was the last mainstream supermini in Europe to become available with five doors - five years after the Ford Fiesta was first available with five doors, and between seven and 11 years after the launch of five-door superminis including the Opel Corsa, Fiat Uno, Nissan Micra and Peugeot 205.[7]

The platform used for this model used a modified version of the floorpan of the Volkswagen Golf Mark 3, as did the SEAT Ibiza Mk2 which had been launched a year earlier.  A multitude of mechanical parts and all of the suspension components were interchangeable among the three models. Although the dashboard and a number of mechanical components, including engines, were shared with the Ibiza, outwardly the Polo models were entirely different with no body panels shared with the SEAT model.

The SEAT Bocanegra is a three-door supermini concept car, built by the Spanish automaker SEAT and designed by former Lamborghini designer Luc Donckerwolke who at the moment had been assigned SEAT's design director. 

It was presented at the 2008 Geneva Motor Show, sporting a more aggressive image as a showcase for the fifth-generation SEAT Ibiza, which was introduced in May 2008 at the Madrid Motor Show. The name Bocanegra - standing for "Black Mouth" in Spanish - derives from the whole front bumper made out of black-painted plastic with the headlights encased in clear perspex, tracing back to a previous SEAT model from the 1970s, the 1200 Sport which at the time had been nicknamed Bocanegra because of its black plastic front end.

It has a 1.4-liter TSI engine giving 180 bhp (134 kW; 182 PS), and a newly presented seven-speed direct shift gearbox.

The Bocanegra concept car's front end was carried to the fourth generation of the SEAT Ibiza as a special edition featuring the Bocanegra name, meant to be carried over in a limited series of 1,000 cars per year production. [1]



The Volkswagen Golf Mk3 is a small family car, the third generation of the Volkswagen Golf and the successor to the Volkswagen Golf Mk2. It was launched in mainland Europe in August 1991,[2] in the United Kingdom in February 1992,[3] and in North America in the spring of 1994. The delay in North America was due to Volkswagen's decision to supply U.S. and Canadian dealerships with Mk3 Golfs (and A3 Jettas) from the VW plant in Puebla, Mexico. Quality control problems led Volkswagen of America to reject Golfs and Jettas from Mexico; shortly thereafter labor unrest at the plant delayed production there even further. The third-generation Golf and Jetta first appeared in North America as 1993 models in the San Diego, California area and in Canada, then in the autumn in the rest of North America as 1994 models.  The Mk3 Cabrio replaced the Volkswagen Cabriolet, which continued the original Golf until 1993, although the original Golf, sold as Rabbit in the United States and Canada ceased sales in 1984.  The Mk3 Cabrio continued until the 2002 model year, when Volkswagen replaced it with a convertible version of the Volkswagen New Beetle. Like the previous two generations, it was supposed to be built at the TAS factory in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. However, when the car was first released, the Yugoslav War broke out, leading to the destruction of the factory (and all of Sarajevo). Thanks to this, TAS went bankrupt in 1995. This meant it was the only Golf before the Mk4 not to be built in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Mk3 was sold in Japan alongside the Polo, where both vehicles were in compliance with Japanese Government dimension regulations that encouraged sales. A 1993 UK advert featured the Bluebells song Young At Heart which resulted in a 4-week spell at Number 1 thanks to the popularity of it.

For the first time, an estate was produced, being launched in early 1993 and bringing it into line with key competitors such as the Ford Escort and Vauxhall/Opel Astra which had long been available as estates. The GT variants included a 2.8LVR6 engine, and a convertible launched as the Cabrio (Typ 1E).

The Volkswagen Golf Mk3 Cabrio (or Typ 1E) was introduced in 1993 for the 1994 model year, replacing the previous MK1 Rabbit based Cabriolet. It was facelifted in 1998 (mid 1999 for non-euro markets) with the front, rear, and steering wheel styling from the Golf Mk4 while still maintaining the body from the Mk3 Cabrio. These Cabrios are often referred to as the Mk3.5 Cabrios. The Volkswagen Golf Cabrio was discontinued in 2002 with a special edition called "Last Edition".

The SEAT Arosa (Typ 6H) is a city car that was manufactured by the Spanish automaker SEAT from 1997 to 2005. The model débuted in March 1997 at the Geneva Motor Show, while its facelifted version was presented in October 2000 at the Paris Motor Show. It shared a platform with the Volkswagen Lupo.

The successor, SEAT Mii, was launched in 21 October 2011, and has been on sale since 16 January 2012.

Named after Vilagarcía de Arousa, a municipality in the province of Pontevedra, Spain, it was only available as a three door, four seater hatchback.

The Arosa, launched in 1998, was to a large extent identical to Volkswagen's own city car which was introduced later in the end of 1998, Volkswagen Lupo, and both cars were based on the Volkswagen Group A00 platform, a shortened version of the A03 platform used by the larger Volkswagen Polo and SEAT Ibiza.

The SEAT Tango roadster is a concept car presented at the 2001 Frankfurt Motor Show, designed by a team directed by Walter de Silva with the contribution of SEAT's chief of exterior design, Steve Lewis.[1]

Featuring a two-door two-seater roadster body style riding on a cut-down SEAT Ibiza platform, it is powered by a 180 PS (132 kW; 178 hp) version of Volkswagen Group's 1.8L 20VT engine which drives the front wheels. While it was an internal concept, it was originally intended to be called the Tanga because of its rear end lines, however that name was turned down by Volkswagen Group's management as it was found rather provocative.[2]

Extensive safety measures were also integrated into the project: in addition to the progressive deformation structure and central passenger cell which help to cushion impact, it was also equipped with twin front airbags, side airbags, Antilock Braking System, Electronic Stability Control and Traction Control systems.

The SEAT Tango was for a long time the subject of speculation on whether would become a production model.[3] Although supported by SEAT's (and later Volkswagen Group's) chairman Bernd Pischetsrieder,[4] and an important model in order to boost the brand's auto emoción sporting image and the overwhelming response from the public, the Tango never got the green light for production: SEAT's integration in the following years in the 'Audi brand group' meant that decisions had to be made in consensus with guidance from Audi's management. However Audi was opposed to making the Tango a real road car at all costs according to Audi board chairman Martin Winterkorn who announced "I am not signing a production contract with blood until I see the right numbers." [5] and instead favoured new models in segments that were thought to make more sense in sales terms, like the SEAT Altea MPV which was meant to succeed Audi's own Audi A2 model.[6]

Volkswagen Derby was the name firstly given by German automaker Volkswagen for the commercialization of the booted saloon  (three-box) version of its Volkswagen Polo Mk1 supermini, between 1977 and 1981 in Europe. Later, the Derby name was given by the Mexican Volkswagen subsidiary for introducing the Polo Classic Mk3 saloon toward its domestic market, in the mid-1990s years.

With 72,412 sold in 1977 alone the car was initially popular, outselling the Polo sister model in that year, but sales quickly tailed off in subsequent years.[2]

During 1981, Volkswagen introduced the second generation Polo and the second generation Derby; in 1984 the Derby name was dropped and the saloon version of the Polo became the Volkswagen Polo Classic.

Most parts of the Derby are interchangeable with the Mk1 Polo, and many drivetrain components are compatible with the Mk2 models.  Body parts at the rear and also the rear window are different and are directly attributable to the original design version of this vehicle, which was intended to be marketed as the Audi 60.  Lights of the early version are the same as the Mk1 Polo and the car which began this design: the Audi 50, which dates to just before the full merger of Audi and Volkswagen.

The Volkswagen Golf Mk5 (codenamed Typ 1K) is a compact car, the fifth generation of the Volkswagen Golf and the successor to the Volkswagen Golf Mk4. Built on the Volkswagen Group A5 (PQ35) platform, it was unveiled at the Frankfurt Motor Show in October 2003 and went on sale in Europe one month later.[4] A compact MPV version of the car was produced as the Golf Plus.

The Golf Mk5 was replaced in 2009 by the Volkswagen Golf Mk6.

The fifth generation had revised suspension changes and chassis tuning and increased cargo volume corresponding to a minor increase in size over the outgoing model. Its cargo volume is roughly 0.7 cubic feet (20 L) more.[5]  The Mk5 was however criticized for its interior and dashboard materials, which were noticeably cheaper in appearance than the outgoing Mk4 (which had been lauded for bringing premium standards of interior quality to the class overall) - this decision was rumored to be a deliberate act on Volkswagen's part to create a distinction in the marketplace from the Mk5's considerably more expensive Audi A3 sister, although this decision was largely reversed for the Mk6 some years later when the premium materials familiar from the Mk4 were reintroduced.

Its replacement, the Mk6, was moved forward from the previously stated 2009 in Europe to the autumn of 2008, right after its official premiere at the Paris Motor Show in September 2008.

The Volkswagen Group A platform is an automobile platform shared among compact and mid-size cars of the Volkswagen Group.

It debuted in 1974 and was originally based on the engineering concept of the Volkswagen Golf Mk1, and is applicable to either front- or four-wheel drive vehicles, using only front-mounted transverse engines.

Volkswagens based on this platform have been referred to by generation number, i.e. the first Golf version would be referred to as an "A1 Golf".  Often "" () is substituted for "A*", but this can be  For example, the Sciroccos are both based on the A1 platform.

Under Volkswagen's revised platform naming system, the "A4" platform is now known as the PQ34 platform, and what would have been called the A5 platform is officially the PQ35 platform.  The new nomenclature is derived as follows:

SEAT, S.A. (English: /ˈseɪɑːt/, Spanish: [ˈseat]; Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo) is a Spanish automobile manufacturer with its head office in Martorell, Spain.[5] It was founded on May 9, 1950, by the Instituto Nacional de Industria (INI), a Spanish state-owned industrial holding company. It quickly became the largest supplier of cars in Spain. In 1986, the Spanish government sold SEAT to the German Volkswagen Group of which it remains a wholly owned subsidiary.[6]

The headquarters of SEAT, S.A. are located at SEAT's industrial complex in Martorell near Barcelona. By 2000, annual production peaked at over 500,000 units; in total up to 2006, over 16 million cars have been produced[7] including more than 6 million from the Martorell plant,[8] with three-quarters of the annual production being exported to over 70 countries worldwide.[9]

SEAT today is the only major Spanish car manufacturer with the ability and infrastructure to develop its own cars in-house.[10]

Its headquarters and main manufacturing facilities are located in Martorell, an industrial town located some 30 km northwest of Barcelona,[11] with a production capacity of around 500,000 units per annum.[12] The plant was opened by King Juan Carlos of Spain on February 22, 1993, becoming the main plant and accompanying SEAT's assembly plant by the coast in Barcelona's freeport zone (Zona Franca). A rail connection between SEAT's Martorell and Zona Franca complexes facilitates vehicle and parts transportation between the two sites.[13][14]

The Volkswagen Polo Mk5 is the fifth generation of the Volkswagen Polo supermini-class car, launched by Volkswagen in March 2009.

The Mark 5 Polo, internally designated Typ 6R, is based on Volkswagen's PQ25 platform, shared with the 2008 SEAT Ibiza and the Audi A1. Its styling, by a team led by Walter de Silva, follows the direction of the previous 2008 Volkswagen Scirocco and Golf VI. Slightly larger than the previous generation Polo, the Mark 5 is however, 7.5% lighter. The car was unveiled in the 2009 Geneva Motor Show.[4]

The Volkswagen Polo won the 2010 European Car of the Year, defeating the Toyota iQ and Opel/Vauxhall Astra.  In 2018 the Volkswagen Polo Mk4 Polo Vivo (South-Africa) was replaced by the Volkswagen Polo Mk5 and is also called the Polo Vivo.

The European version, with exceptions for the French and Turkish market, includes a standard ESP electronic stabilization program with Hill Hold Control, head-thorax airbags (integrated in the front seatbacks), belt tensioners and belt force limiters plus seatbelt warning indicator and head restraints, three rear head restraints and Isofix child seat preparation.

The SEAT Altea is a compact multi-purpose vehicle (MPV) produced by the Spanish automaker SEAT from 2004 to 2015. The vehicle was designed by the Italian Walter de Silva, and was launched in 2004, as the first example of SEAT's new corporate look. The third generation Toledo was identical, except for the addition of a larger boot. It was launched at the 2004 Geneva Motor Show.

Another extended version, the Altea XL, is also available (having been first presented at the 2006 Paris Motor Show). In 2007, the Altea Freetrack, with 4WD and higher suspension, was released.

On 21 August 2015, SEAT announced that the Altea and Altea XL had been discontinued.[2] Although no direct replacement for the Altea was planned, SEAT is following the global shift from MPVs to SUVs, by launching its own SUV model based on the SEAT León. In February 2016, the Ateca was launched, which was the successor to the Altea according to CEO Luca de Meo: "For us, the Ateca is the replacement of the Altea."[3]

SEAT sold a total of 439 Altea models in the United Kingdom during 2014, and 445 Altea XLs.[1]



The Ford Escort RS Cosworth is a rally version homologation special of the fifth generation European Ford Escort. It was designed to qualify as a Group A car for the World Rally Championship, in which it competed between 1993 and 1998. It was available as a road car from 1992–1996 in very limited numbers. The first 2500 cars made before 1 January 1993 are in fact "Homologation special versions." It was instantly recognisable due to its large "whale tail" rear spoiler. One of the main selling points was the Cosworth YBT, a highly tunable turbocharged 2.0 L (1,993 cc) with a bore x stroke of 90.8 mm × 77 mm (3.57 in × 3.03 in) Inline-four engine[1][2] which had an output of 227 PS (167 kW; 224 bhp) in standard trim. Tuning companies have achieved power outputs of over 1,000 bhp (746 kW; 1,014 PS).[3]

Ford developed the car around the chassis and mechanicals of the Sierra Cosworth, to accommodate the larger Cosworth engine and transmission, while clothing it in Escort body panels to make it resemble the standard Mk 5 Ford Escort. This accommodation was required as the floor pan of the regular MK5 Escort was designed for front-wheel-drive only initially (although a 4 wheel drive version, the RS2000 4X4 was soon introduced). Designed under the guidance of Rod Mansfield and John Wheeler of Ford's SVO department, the styling was designed during 1989, a year before the standard Escort was launched, by Stephen Harper at MGA Developments in Coventry. The spoiler was added by Frank Stephenson, who originally proposed a three-deck piece, one of the distinctive features of the car itself [4] The body tooling was created by coachbuilders Karmann at their facility in Rheine, Germany, where the cars were manufactured.

Changes were made to the engine management system and a new turbocharger was fitted. Permanent four-wheel drive with a 34/66% front/rear split came courtesy of an uprated five-speed gearbox as used in the Sierra Cosworth. Recaro sports seats came as standard. Later production models were available without the oversize tail spoiler although by far the majority were still ordered with it.[citation needed] Like its Sierra predecessor, they are commonly nicknamed "Cossie" by enthusiasts.[5]



The Volkswagen Polo is a car produced by the German manufacturer Volkswagen since 1975. It is sold in Europe and other markets worldwide in hatchback, sedan and estate variants. The Polo has been produced in six generations. Related Volkswagen Group models include the Škoda Fabia, SEAT Ibiza and Audi A1.

The Volkswagen Polo won the 2010 World Car of the Year.

As of 2018, there have been six separate generations of the Polo, usually identified by a "Series" or "Mark" number.[1]



The Peugeot 205 is a supermini produced by the French manufacturer Peugeot from 1983 to 1998.

It was declared "car of the decade" by CAR Magazine in 1990. It also won What Car?'s Car of the Year for 1984.

The styling of the 205 is often thought to be a Pininfarina design, although Gerard Welter claims it is an in-house design; Pininfarina only styled the Cabriolet.[1] It is often credited as the car that turned Peugeot's fortunes around. Before the 205, Peugeot was considered the most conservative of France's "big three" car manufacturers, producing large saloons such as the 504 and 505, although it had entered the modern supermini market in 1973 with the Peugeot 104. The genesis of the 205 lay within Peugeot's takeover in 1978 of Chrysler's European divisions Simca and the former Rootes Group, which had the necessary expertise in making small cars including the Simca 1100 in France and Hillman Imp in Britain. It was around this time that Peugeot began to work on the development of a new supermini for the 1980s.

The Volkswagen Polo Mk1 (sometimes written in Roman numerals as Mark I) is the first generation of the Volkswagen Polo supermini. It was produced from 1975 until 1981.

The original Polo (known internally as the Typ 86), a rebadged version of the Audi 50, was introduced in 1975 on mainland Europe and was launched in the UK and the Isle of Man in 1976.  The differences between the Audi and VW models were minor, with the Polo being cheaper and much more basic.  The two cars were initially sold alongside each other, but the Audi 50 never sold as well, and was withdrawn in 1978.

The manufacturer let it be known that Bertone had been involved in the styling of the Polo and its Audi sibling, although the car was essentially an in-house Audi design, with the Italian design studio's contribution restricted to the circular extractor vent cover at the base of the C pillar, and the small "flick-up" at the rear end of the waist line.[1]

The Polo was manufactured at the Volkswagen plant in Wolfsburg. In 1977, the Derby sedan was released, which was simply a Polo, identical to the hatchback from the C-pillar forward, with a large boot attached (an old Audi proposal, but never sold by this brand[citation needed]).

The SEAT Málaga (codenamed 023A) is a four-door saloon produced by the Spanish automaker SEAT from 1985 to 1991, named after the city of Málaga in Andalucía, southern Spain.

It can be considered a saloon variant of the SEAT Ibiza, although the underpinnings of the Málaga and the Ibiza Mark 1, were both based upon those of the SEAT Ronda, a restyled version of the SEAT Ritmo, which in its turn was a rebadged version of the Fiat Ritmo. 

In this sense, the Málaga most closely resembled the Fiat Regata, Fiat's own saloon version of the hatchback Fiat Ritmo. However, the SEAT Málaga and the Fiat Regata were developed separately, as the two manufacturers had already ended their partnership by the time of the launch of their two saloon models.

Production ended in May 1991, well after the Volkswagen Group took over SEAT, to be replaced by SEAT Toledo, which was the first Volkswagen developed car from SEAT. The saloon based on the Ibiza, the SEAT Cordoba, was launched in end of 1993. 



The Audi Quattro is a road and rally car, produced by the German automobile manufacturer Audi, part of the Volkswagen Group. It was first shown at the 1980 Geneva Motor Show on 3 March.[1][3] Production continued through 1991.

Audi Quattro

The word quattro is derived from the Italian word for "four". The name has also been used by Audi to refer to the quattro four-wheel-drive system, or any four-wheel-drive version of an Audi model. The original Quattro model is also commonly referred to as the Ur-Quattro - the "Ur-" (German for "primordial", "original", or "first of its kind") is an augmentative prefix. The idea of such a car came from the Audi engineer Jörg Bensinger.

The SEAT 1200 Sport is a two-door, four-seater coupé presented officially by SEAT in December 1975 and sold commercially from February 1976 to September 1979.[1] It was the first model for the Spanish brand entirely developed in its newly opened Martorell Technical Centre, and was thus immensely important for SEAT. When launched it was powered by the bigger 1,197 cc engine of 67 PS (49 kW) carried from the SEAT 124, which in this application was transversely mounted and canted forwards by 16°. This engine through a four-speed gearbox transmission gave the little 2+2 a top speed of 157 km/h (98 mph).  Despite its sporting aspirations, power output was limited by a relatively low compression ratio, reflecting the fuel octane levels available on its home market.[2]

The sharp-edged body design had a drag coefficient (cd) of 0.37 and was purchased from NSU of Germany, after the German firm had abandoned its plans to launch its own small car, the based on the NSU Prinz rear-engined NSU Nergal model, presented as a prototype in the 1970 Turin Motor Show and designed by the Italian designer Aldo Sessano.[3][4] It was Antoni Amat, the technical director of Inducar (Industrias de la Carrocería) i.e. an external provider for SEAT, the man who conceived the idea of proposing the whole project to SEAT with the mediation of Günter Óistrach, after the former's visit and contacts at the Turin Motor Show,[5] with the Terrassa-based Inducar company undertaking from SEAT the production of the chassis for its SEAT 1200 Sport car.[6] The purchased rights Nergal design had been sublimed to modifications in a mixture of elements with another Sessano's concept car i.e. the OTAS KL112, in order to fit in with the underpinnings meant to be used by SEAT, as it was based upon the ones of a Fiat 127. However the remainings of the original NSU Nergal design were still present in the SEAT production model: the air-vents in the third pillar just above the rear wheel arch were likely indicating the presence of the rear-mounted engine in NSU's donor design. In fact though SEAT's engineers first examined the possibility to keep the rear-engine layout in the SEAT 1200 Sport, they made the final choice in favor of a front-engined one. Its boot featured a remote opening through a handle on to driver's door[7] and had a capacity of 339 litres.[7]

In 1977, the SEAT 1430 Sport Coupé was introduced, using the same body, but with a retuned version of the engine from the SEAT 1430. In this application, the 1,438-cc engine provided a power output of 77 PS (57 kW) and a top speed of 164 km/h (102 mph).

The Sport versions were offered mainly in the Spanish market, but also some cars were officially offered in other European countries such as Germany, Holland, Belgium, and France. Both models, 1200 and 1430, were discontinued in 1979, along with the SEAT 128, SEAT 133, and CKD-built Lancia Beta and Beta HPE, as part of the important restructuring of the SEAT range for 1980. A total of 19,332 units was sold in the Spanish market, with 11,619 cars being equipped with the 1200 engine and some 7,713 units with the more powerful but late-launched 1430 motor.[8]

The Soyat is a small family hatchback built by the Wuxi Soyat (南汽新雅途) branch of Nanjing Automobile (Group) Corporation. The car is based on the original 1984 ('System Porsche') version of the SEAT Ibiza Mark I[2]  (1984-1993). After the Ibiza was replaced, the technology and production line were bought by a joint venture between Nanjing Yuejin and the Malaysian Lion Group in 1997. Production did not begin, however, until Fiat took over the Lion Group's share in Jiangsu Nanya Auto, as the company was called.[3]

In 1999 the SEAT design was modified for the Chinese market and then rebranded as the Zhongguo Nanjing NJ6400, later as the modernized and fuel injected GHR Encore. This model continued until October 2003 when the Ibiza license expired and the design had to be updated. 

In March 2004 a Chinese mobile phone manufacturer called Ningbo Bird decided that it too wanted to get into the process of car manufacture. With Ningbo Bird joining the original partners in a 50/50 relationship, the new design was renamed the Soyat.[3] Ningbo Bird then left the company in 2005.

In addition to the five-door Soyat hatchback, a four-door tall estate (two on the right-hand side) called the Soyat Unique NJ1020 is also available, using a wider and taller rear end borrowed from the more modern SEAT Inca.

The SEAT Altea is a compact multi-purpose vehicle (MPV) produced by the Spanish automaker SEAT from 2004 to 2015. The vehicle was designed by the Italian Walter de Silva, and was launched in 2004, as the first example of SEAT's new corporate look. The third generation Toledo was identical, except for the addition of a larger boot. It was launched at the 2004 Geneva Motor Show.

Another extended version, the Altea XL, is also available (having been first presented at the 2006 Paris Motor Show). In 2007, the Altea Freetrack, with 4WD and higher suspension, was released.

On 21 August 2015, SEAT announced that the Altea and Altea XL had been discontinued.[2] Although no direct replacement for the Altea was planned, SEAT is following the global shift from MPVs to SUVs, by launching its own SUV model based on the SEAT León. In February 2016, the Ateca was launched, which was the successor to the Altea according to CEO Luca de Meo: "For us, the Ateca is the replacement of the Altea."[3]

SEAT sold a total of 439 Altea models in the United Kingdom during 2014, and 445 Altea XLs.[1]

The Citroën ZX is a small family car produced by the French manufacturer Citroën between 1990 and 1998.

During the beginning of the 1990s, the ZX was Citroën's competitor in the class traditionally dominated in Europe by the Ford Escort and Vauxhall/Opel Astra, a market segment Citroën had briefly moved away from with the demise of the GSA in 1986.[1]

The BX had tried to address the small family car market and the large family car market by being 'between sizes' but well packaged. For 1993, the Citroën ZX chassis was also used for the Peugeot 306 which, with its attractive Peugeot 205 derived styling, was an even more successful car than its twin. The Citroën Berlingo and Peugeot Partner were also built on the same platform.

It was replaced by the Xsara in September 1997, but production in Europe continued until 1998. A saloon derivative, called the Citroën Elysée, along with the China based ZX known as the Fukang, continued to be produced for the Chinese market by the Dongfeng Peugeot-Citroën Automobile, a joint venture with the PSA Group.

The Volkswagen Polo Playa is a supermini produced and sold in South Africa. From 1996 until 2002, it was a rebadged version of the SEAT Ibiza Mk2 five-door hatchback.  A separate model, the Polo Mk3, was sold in most markets during this period - this model shared its mechanical components with the Ibiza and Playa, but in hatchback form, the body panels were all different. In 2002, it was replaced by the Polo Mk4, although the Polo Playa name was still used in South Africa for the Polo hatchback until 2006.

The name "playa" means beach in Spanish, which alludes to the fact that it's based on the Spanish SEAT Ibiza.



The SEAT 127 is a supermini produced by the Spanish automaker SEAT between the spring of 1972 and 1982, based on the Fiat 127.

Due to SEAT design policy, a four-door variant of the car (without a hatchback lid, in spite of the fastback roofline) was added to the lineup in 1973.[2] While usually fitted with the same 903 cc engine as in the Fiat 127, SEAT also produced a unique variant of the 127 OHV engine. This had 1010 cc instead of 903 cc and produced 52 PS (38 kW) rather than the 43 or 45 PS (32 or 33 kW) of the smaller unit.[3]

The SEAT 127 underwent the same styling modifications as did the Fiat 127 (new grille, taillights, bumpers) for the Serie 2, of January 1980. At the same time, a full five-door hatchback bodywork also became available.[1]

When their licence from Fiat expired, SEAT redesigned some parts of the car and renamed it the SEAT Fura. Some design parts of this model were also used in the Ibiza Mk1. SEAT produced 1,238,166 units of the 127 between 1972 and 1982.

The Volkswagen Polo Mk2 is the second generation of the Volkswagen Polo supermini. It was produced from late 1981 until 1994. It received a major facelift in 1990 and was available in three different body styles, including a distinctive "kammback"-styled hatchback. The sedan version received the name of Volkswagen Derby.

A revised Polo model (known as the Mark 2 or Mark II, internally designated Typ 86C) was introduced in October 1981, with the major change being the introduction of a new body style with a steep (almost vertical) rear window, as well a version with a diagonal rear window and a similar profile to the previous model. These two body styles were called the Hatchback and Coupé respectively, although in fact both were three-door hatchbacks. The latter was added to the range in 1983 as the radical styling of the original design was not welcomed by all. The Coupé was originally only available with the more powerful engines (55 and 75 PS), but after a mild facelift in August 1984 the base 40 PS (29 kW) unit was also made available.[3]

The sedan version was no longer called the Derby in all countries, and was changed to the Polo Classic on all markets from 1984. Production was expanded to Spain following Volkswagen's takeover of SEAT in 1986. The hatchback was the lightest bodystyle, 5 kg (11 lb) lighter than the coupé and 15 kg (33 lb) lighter than the three-box sedan.[4]

1093 cc or 1272 cc engines were available at launch. In 1986, the Polo received numerous technical improvements; amongst many other minor updates, the engines were changed to lower maintenance hydraulic tappets, new camshafts and valve gear and an automatic choke; the 1043 cc engine replaced the 1093 cc, and in some markets the 1.3-litre engine was available with fuel injection and equipped with a catalytic converter. In 1984 an all-new 1.3-litre engine was introduced, which was used in various generations of Polo until 1996. The Polo received some changes in August 1984, including a new dashboard, a bigger fuel tank, and more standard equipment. The GL was discontinued with the CL essentially taking its place. All models now received round rather than the earlier square headlights. These changes helped keep the Polo remain competitive in an increasingly competitive market, which had seen the arrival of the Opel Corsa (Vauxhall Nova in the UK) during 1982, and of three more all-new competitors - the Fiat Uno, Nissan Micra and Peugeot 205 - in 1983, as well as an updated Ford Fiesta in the same year and the new Renault 5 a year later. By the time an all-new Fiesta was launched in early 1989, the Polo was the only popular European supermini to lack a four- or five-door version, and had also gained a new competitor, the Citroen AX, which was also available with five doors by the end of the decade.[3]

The Volkswagen Lupo is a city car produced by the German car manufacturer Volkswagen from October 1998 to June 2006.[2]

The Lupo was introduced in October 1998, to fill a gap at the bottom of the Volkswagen model range caused by the increasing size and weight of the Polo. The right hand drive version for the United Kingdom was launched in the spring of 1999. The 1998 Lupo was a badge engineered version of the stablemate, the 1997 SEAT Arosa. 

Both use the A00 platform which is a shortened version of the Polo/Ibiza A0 platform. Initially only available in two trim variants, the budget E trim and the upgraded S trim; the range later expanded to include a Sport and GTI variant. 

Petrol engines ranged from 1.0 to 1.4 (1.6 for the GTI) with diesels from 1.2 to 1.7. The differences between the E and S trim included painted door mirrors, door handles and strip, central locking, electric windows, double folding seats and opening rear windows.



The Audi 50 (known internally as the Typ 86) is a supermini economy car produced by German automaker Audi from 1974 to 1978, and sold only in Europe. Introduced two or three years after the Italian Fiat 127 and the French Renault 5, the model was seen at the time as Germany's first home grown entrant in Europe's emerging "supermini" class.[3]

The Audi 50 was built by Audi NSU Auto Union AG at the former NSU factory in Neckarsulm, Germany and at the giant Wolfsburg plant by Volkswagen.[4] The car was rebadged six weeks later by Volkswagen as the Volkswagen Polo with a wider range of engine and other options.[5] The Volkswagen Polo was launched in the home market in September 1974[3] and appeared in export markets, including the United Kingdom, a few months later.

The car was offered as a three door hatchback with a 1,093 cc (66.7 cu in) petrol engine, producing either 37 kW (50 PS; 50 bhp) or 44 kW (60 PS; 59 bhp) for the LS and GL models, respectively. The model was popular in Europe, both because of its generous specifications for a car of the time, and on account of its relatively low price. The Volkswagen and Audi badged models were sold alongside each other for three years until 1978, but the cheaper Volkswagen Polo outsold the Audi 50 almost immediately, and Audi discontinued the Audi 50 in 1978, after a total production of 180,812 units.[3] A planned facelift, which would have given the Audi 50 a look closer to that of the Audi 100 and Audi 80 was never implemented, because of a holding company board decision that the Audi brand should concentrate on larger, more expensive cars.



The SEAT Ibiza is a supermini car manufactured by Spanish car manufacturer SEAT since 1984. It is SEAT's best-selling car.[2] The Ibiza is named after the Spanish island of Ibiza, and it is the second SEAT model to be named after a Spanish city, after the SEAT Ronda.

It was introduced at the 1984 Paris Motor Show as the first car developed by SEAT as an independent company, though it was designed by SEAT in collaboration with well-known firms such as Italdesign, Karmann and Porsche.[2]

From the second generation version onwards, SEAT formed part of the German automotive industry concern Volkswagen Group, and all further Ibiza generations, as well as the rest of the SEAT model range, were built on Volkswagen Group platforms, parts and technologies.



Pizza (Italian: [ˈpittsa], Neapolitan: [ˈpittsə]) is a savory dish of Italian origin, consisting of a usually round, flattened base of leavened wheat-based dough topped with tomatoes, cheese, and often various other ingredients (anchovies, olives, meat, etc.) baked at a high temperature, traditionally in a wood-fired oven.[1] A small pizza is sometimes called a pizzetta.

In Italy, pizza served in formal settings, such as at a restaurant, is presented unsliced, and is eaten with the use of a knife and fork.[2][3] In casual settings, however, it is cut into wedges to be eaten while held in the hand.

The term pizza was first recorded in the 10th century in a Latin manuscript from the Southern Italian town of Gaeta in Lazio, on the border with Campania.[4] Modern pizza was invented in Naples, and the dish and its variants have since become popular in many countries.[5] It has become one of the most popular foods in the world and a common fast food item in Europe and North America, available at pizzerias (restaurants specializing in pizza),  restaurants offering Mediterranean cuisine, and via pizza delivery.[5][6] Many companies sell ready-baked frozen pizzas to be reheated in an ordinary home oven.



Pepperoni is an American variety of salami, made from a cured mixture of pork and beef seasoned with paprika or other chili pepper.[1][2]

Pepperoni is characteristically soft, slightly smoky, and bright red in color.[2] Thinly sliced pepperoni is a popular pizza topping in American pizzerias.[3]

The term "pepperoni" is a borrowing of peperoni, the plural of peperone, the Italian word for bell pepper. The first use of "pepperoni" to refer to a sausage dates to 1919.[2] In Italian, the word peperoncino (diminutive of peperone) refers to hot and spicy peppers.

Provolone (pronounced [provoˈloːne], English: /ˌproʊvəˈloʊni, ˌproʊvəˈloʊn/[3]) is an Italian cheese. It is an aged pasta filata (stretched-curd) cheese originating in Casilli near Vesuvius, where it is still produced in pear, sausage, or cone shapes  10 to 15 cm (4 to 6 in) long. Provolone-type cheeses are also produced in other countries. The most important provolone production region today is Northwestern Italy and the city of Cremona. Provolone, provola, and provoleta are versions of the same basic cheese. Some versions of provolone are smoked.[4]

The term provolone (meaning "large provola") appeared around the end of the 19th century, when it started to be manufactured in the southern regions of Italy and assumed its current large size. The smaller sized variant is called provola [ˈprɔːvola] and comes in plain and smoked (affumicata) varieties.

Modern provolone is a full-fat cow's milk cheese with a smooth skin, produced mainly in the Po River Valley regions of Lombardy and Veneto. It is produced in different shapes: like a very large sausage which may be up to 30 cm (1 ft) in diameter and 90 cm (3 ft) long,[citation needed] in a truncated bottle shape, and in a large pear shape with the characteristic round knob for hanging. The typical weight is 5 kg (11 lb).[citation needed]

Provolone is a semi-hard cheese with taste varying greatly from provolone piccante (sharp, piquant), aged for a minimum of four months and with a very sharp taste, to provolone dolce (sweet) with a very mild taste. In provolone piccante, the distinctive piquant taste is produced with lipase (enzyme) derived from goat. The dolce version uses calf's lipase instead.

Parmigiana (/ˌpɑːrmɪˈdʒɑːnə, -ˈʒɑː-/, Italian: [parmiˈdʒaːna], also called parmigiana di melanzane [parmiˈdʒaːna di melanˈdzaːne; -ˈtsaːne] or melanzane alla parmigiana, is an Italian dish made with a shallow or deep-fried sliced eggplant filling, layered with cheese and tomato sauce, then baked. The origin of the dish is claimed by both the Southern regions of Campania and Sicily. Other variations found outside Italy may include chicken, veal, or another type of meat cutlet or vegetable filling.

There are several theories about the origin of the dish. Most frequently its invention is attributed to either Parma, Sicily or Naples. The case for Parma is that Parmigiana refers to Parma and because Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese is produced there. Sicilian food writers have several different explanations for a Sicilian origin. According to Pino Correnti the word parmigiana derives from the Sicilian word for damigiana, a wicker sleeve used both for wine bottles and the hot casserole in which the dish would be prepared and served. Mary Taylor Simeti, Vincent Schiavelli, and several others write that the name derives from the Sicilian word for louver, palmigiana. The angled horizontal slats of a louver would resemble the layering of eggplant slices in the dish. Franca Colonna Romano Apostolo suggests that the name is parmiciana, which means Persian in Sicilian.[1][2]

Clifford A. Wright argues that the case for Parma is not convincing because Parmigiano-Reggiano was already widely traded since the 14th century. Parmigiano-Reggiano also wasn't an important ingredient in the original dish. Because eggplant was first introduced to Sicily and the other southern regions, it is more likely that an eggplant dish was invented there. Finally, the dish is popular in Campania in general, Naples in particular, as well as Sicily and Calabria, but not in Parma. He considers the case for a Sicilian origin speculative because there is no evidence to support it.[3][4]

Wright traces the origin of parmigiana to Naples. The ancestor of the modern dish appears in Vincenzo Corrado's cookbook Il cuoco galante from 1786. His recipe described eggplant seasoned with butter, herbs, cinnamon, other spices and grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, which was then covered with a cream sauce of egg yolks before being baked in an oven. The modern version with Parmigiano-Reggiano and tomato ragù as key ingredients appears several years later in Ippolito Cavalcanti's cookbook Cucina teorico-pratica which was published in Naples in 1837. According to Wright this suggests that the dish evolved in Naples during this time frame, which coincided with the increasing popularity of the tomato in Italian cuisine.[5][6] Marlena Spieler agrees with a Neapolitan origin of the dish for the same reasons.[7]

A calzone (UK: /kælˈtsoʊni, -neɪ/, US: /kælˈzoʊn, -zoʊneɪ, -ni/, Italian: [kalˈtsoːne]; "stocking" or "trouser")[1] is an Italian oven-baked turnover made with folded pizza dough.[2] It originated in Naples[3] in the 18th century.[4] A typical calzone is made from salted bread dough, baked in an oven and is stuffed with salami, ham or vegetables, mozzarella, ricotta and Parmesan or pecorino cheese, as well as an egg.[3] Different regional variations in or on a calzone can often include other ingredients that are normally associated with pizza toppings. The term usually applies to an oven-baked turnover rather than a fried pastry (i.e. panzerotti),[5] though calzoni and panzerotti are often mistaken for each other.[5][6][7][8]

A calzone is somewhat similar to a stromboli. A calzone is a baked turnover stuffed with pizza ingredients. A stromboli is usually made by rolling up dough with cheese and meat ingredients and is then baked, but it does not generally contain pizza ingredients aside from cheese and Italian meats.  Generally, strombolis do not usually contain tomato sauce, unlike calzones. A calzone is crescent-shaped, and a stromboli is usually shaped like a long cylinder. The distinction between the two is complicated because there is some variation in what constitutes a stromboli.[9][10][11]

Sandwich-sized calzones are often sold at Italian lunch counters or by street vendors, because they are easy to eat while standing up or walking.[12] Fried versions of the calzone are typically filled with tomato and mozzarella: these are made in Apulia and are called panzerotti.[13]

The Sicilian cuddiruni or cudduruni pizza is distantly related to the calzone.  This is a dish stuffed with onions (or sometimes other vegetables, such as potatoes or broccoli), anchovies, olives, cheese and mortadella; the rolled pizza dough is folded in two over the stuffing and the edges are sealed before the dish is fried.

In North America, Italian sausage (salsiccia [salˈsittʃa] in Italian) most often refers to a style of pork sausage. The sausage is often noted for being seasoned with fennel as the primary seasoning. In Italy, however, a wide variety of sausages are made, many of which are quite different from the aforementioned product.

The most common varieties marketed as "Italian sausage" in supermarkets are hot,[1] sweet,[2][3][4][5] and mild.[6] The main difference between hot and mild is the addition of hot red pepper flakes to the spice mix of the former. The difference between mild and sweet is the addition of sweet basil in the latter.  

In Australia, a variety of mild salsiccia fresca (literally meaning "fresh sausage") seasoned primarily with fennel is sold as "Italian sausage".[citation needed]

Marinara ("mariner's") sauce is a tomato sauce usually made with tomatoes, garlic, herbs, and onions.[1][2] It can include the addition of capers, olives, spices, and a dash of wine as possible ingredients in its many variations.[3][4] This sauce is widely used in Italian-American cuisine, which has diverged from its Old World origins.[5]

In Italy, alla marinara refers to a sauce made with tomatoes, basil, and oregano, but also sometimes olives, capers and salted anchovies; it is used for spaghetti and vermicelli, but also with meat or fish.[6] This is not to be confused with spaghetti marinara, a popular dish in Australia, New Zealand, Spain and South Africa, in which a tomato-based sauce is mixed with fresh seafood.[7] In Italy, a pasta sauce including seafood is more commonly called alla pescatora.[6]

Several folk theories exist as to the origin of this sauce. One version states that cooks aboard Neapolitan ships returning from the Americas invented marinara sauce in the mid-16th century after Spaniards introduced the tomato (a central Mexican "New World" fruit) to Europe.  Another theory states this was a sauce prepared by the wives of Neapolitan sailors upon their return from the sea.[8]

Historically, however, the first Italian cookbook to include tomato sauce,[9] Lo Scalco alla Moderna ('The Modern Steward'), was written by Italian chef Antonio Latini and was published in two volumes in 1692 and 1694. Latini served as the Steward of the First Minister to the Spanish Viceroy of Naples.[9][10][11] This early tomato sauce was more like a modern tomato salsa.

A meatball is ground meat rolled into a small ball, sometimes along with other ingredients, such as bread crumbs, minced onion, eggs, butter, and seasoning.[1] Meatballs are cooked by frying, baking, steaming, or braising in sauce. There are many types of meatballs using different types of meats and spices. The term is sometimes extended to meatless versions based on vegetables or fish; the latter are commonly known as fishballs.

The Chinese recipe "Four Joy Meatballs" (四喜丸子—Sì xǐ wánzi) is derived from Shandong cuisine, which originated in the native cooking styles of Shandong. Its history dates back to the Qin dynasty (221 BC to 207 BC).[2][self-published source]

The ancient Roman cookbook Apicius included many meatball-type recipes.[3]

Early recipes included in some of the earliest known Persian cookbooks generally feature seasoned lamb rolled into orange-sized balls and glazed with egg yolk and sometimes saffron. This method was taken to the West and is referred to as gilding. Many regional variations exist, notable among them the unusually large kufteh Tabrizi, from Iran's North-Western region, having an average diameter of 20 centimetres (7.9 in).[4]

This list of pizza chains includes notable pizzerias and pizza chains. Pizza is a dish of Neapolitan origin and cuisine, made with an oven-baked, flat, generally round bread that is often covered with tomatoes or a tomato-based sauce and mozzarella cheese. Other toppings are added according to region, culture, or personal preference.

A restaurant or takeout where pizzas are made and sold as main food is called a pizzeria (Italian pronunciation: [ˌpittseˈriːa]) or simply “pizza parlor” in English.  The term pizza pie is a (mainly American) dialectal, and pie is used for simplicity in some contexts, such as among pizzeria staff.





Pasta (US: /ˈpɑːstə/, UK: /ˈpæstə/; Italian pronunciation: [ˈpasta]) is an Italian type of food typically made from an unleavened dough of wheat flour mixed with water or eggs, and formed into sheets or other shapes, then cooked by boiling or baking. Rice flour, or legumes such as beans or lentils, are sometimes used in place of wheat flour to yield a different taste and texture, or as a gluten-free alternative. Pasta is a staple food of Italian cuisine.[1][2]

Pastas are divided into two broad categories: dried (pasta secca) and fresh (pasta fresca). Most dried pasta is produced commercially via an extrusion process, although it can be produced at home. Fresh pasta is traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines.[3] Fresh pastas available in grocery stores are produced commercially by large-scale machines.



Potato chips (often just chips), or crisps (in British English), are thin slices of potato that have been either deep fried or baked until crunchy. They are commonly served as a snack, side dish, or appetizer. The basic chips are cooked and salted; additional varieties are manufactured using various flavorings and ingredients including herbs, spices, cheeses, other natural flavors, artificial flavors, and additives. 
Potato chips form a large part of the snack food and convenience food market in Western countries. The global potato chip market generated total revenue of US$16.49 billion in 2005. This accounted for 35.5% of the total savory snacks market in that year ($46.1 billion).[1]

The earliest known recipe for something similar to today's potato chips is in William Kitchiner's book The Cook's Oracle published in 1817, which was a bestseller in the United Kingdom and the United States.[2] The 1822 edition's recipe for "Potatoes fried in Slices or Shavings" reads "peel large potatoes… cut them in shavings round and round, as you would peel a lemon; dry them well in a clean cloth, and fry them in lard or dripping".[3][4] An 1825 British book about French cookery calls them "Pommes de Terre frites" (second recipe) and calls for thin slices of potato fried in "clarified butter or goose dripping", drained and sprinkled with salt.[5] Early recipes for potato chips in the US are found in Mary Randolph's Virginia House-Wife (1824)[6] and in N.K.M. Lee's Cook's Own Book (1832),[7] both of which explicitly cite Kitchiner.[8]

A legend associates the creation of potato chips with Saratoga Springs, New York decades later than the first recorded recipe.[9] By the late nineteenth century, a popular version of the story attributed the dish to George Crum, a cook[10][11] at Moon's Lake House who was trying to appease an unhappy customer on 24 August 1853.[12] The customer kept sending back his French-fried potatoes, complaining that they were too thick,[13] too "soggy", or not salted enough. Frustrated, Crum sliced several potatoes extremely thin, fried them to a crisp, and seasoned them with extra salt. To his surprise, the customer loved them. They soon came to be called "Saratoga Chips",[14] a name that persisted into the mid-twentieth century. A version of this story was popularized in a 1973 national advertising campaign by St. Regis Paper Company which manufactured packaging for chips, claiming that Crum's customer was Cornelius Vanderbilt.[10] Crum was already renowned as a chef at the time, and he owned a lakeside restaurant by 1860 which he called Crum's House.[10] The "Saratoga Chips" brand name still exists today.

A side dish, sometimes referred to as a side order, side item, or simply a side, is a food item that accompanies the entrée or main course at a meal.[1]

Side dishes such as salad, potatoes and bread are commonly used with main courses throughout many countries of the western world.  Rice and couscous, have grown to be quite popular throughout Europe, especially at formal occasions (with couscous appearing more commonly at dinner parties with Middle Eastern dishes).

When used as an adjective qualifying the name of a dish, the term "side" usually refers to a smaller portion served as a side dish, rather than a larger, main dish-sized serving.  For example, a "side salad" usually served in a small bowl or salad plate, in contrast to a large dinner-plate-sized entrée salad.

A typical American meal with a meat-based main dish might include one vegetable side dish, sometimes in the form of a salad, and one starch side dish, such as bread, potatoes, rice, or pasta.

Monterey Jack, sometimes shortened to Jack, is an American white, semi-hard cheese made using cow's milk. It is noted for its mild flavor and slight sweetness.[1]

In addition to being eaten by itself, it is frequently marbled with Colby to produce Colby-Jack,[2] or with yellow cheddar to produce cheddar-Jack. Pepper Jack is a version flavored with chili peppers and herbs. Dry Jack is a harder cheese with a longer aging time.

In its earliest form, Monterey Jack was made by 18th-century Franciscan friars of Monterey, Alta California.[3] California businessman David Jacks sold the cheese commercially. He produced a mild white cheese that came to be known eponymously as "Jacks’ Cheese" and eventually "Monterey Jack".[4] Other ranchers in the area likewise produced the cheese, among them Andrew Molera, who built a successful dairy operation in Big Sur and whose Monterey Jack was especially well regarded.[5]

Although most of the softer varieties found in American supermarkets are aged for only one month, "dry Jack" is a harder variety aged for up to six months.[6]



Pizza (Italian: [ˈpittsa], Neapolitan: [ˈpittsə]) is a savory dish of Italian origin, consisting of a usually round, flattened base of leavened wheat-based dough topped with tomatoes, cheese, and often various other ingredients (anchovies, olives, meat, etc.) baked at a high temperature, traditionally in a wood-fired oven.[1] A small pizza is sometimes called a pizzetta.

In Italy, pizza served in formal settings, such as at a restaurant, is presented unsliced, and is eaten with the use of a knife and fork.[2][3] In casual settings, however, it is cut into wedges to be eaten while held in the hand.

The term pizza was first recorded in the 10th century in a Latin manuscript from the Southern Italian town of Gaeta in Lazio, on the border with Campania.[4] Modern pizza was invented in Naples, and the dish and its variants have since become popular in many countries.[5] It has become one of the most popular foods in the world and a common fast food item in Europe and North America, available at pizzerias (restaurants specializing in pizza),  restaurants offering Mediterranean cuisine, and via pizza delivery.[5][6] Many companies sell ready-baked frozen pizzas to be reheated in an ordinary home oven.



A salad is  a dish consisting of a mixture of small pieces of food, usually vegetables or fruit.[1][2] 
However, different varieties of salad may contain virtually any type of ready-to-eat food. Salads are typically served at room temperature or chilled, with notable exceptions such as south German potato salad which can be served warm.

Garden salads use a base of leafy greens such as lettuce, arugula/rocket, kale or spinach; they are common enough that the word salad alone often refers specifically to garden salads. Other types include bean salad, tuna salad, fattoush, Greek salad (vegetable-based, but without leafy greens), and sōmen salad (a noodle-based salad). The sauce used to flavor a salad is commonly called a salad dressing; most salad dressings are based on either a mixture of oil and vinegar or a fermented milk product like kefir.

Salads may be served at any point during a meal:

Pasta salad (Pasta fredda) is a salad dish prepared with one or more types of pasta, almost always chilled, and most often tossed in a vinegar, oil, or mayonnaise-based dressing.  It is typically served as an appetizer, side dish or a main course. Pasta salad is often regarded as a spring or summertime meal, but it can be served year-round.

The ingredients used vary widely by region, restaurant, seasonal availability, and/or preference of the preparer. The salad can be as simple as cold macaroni mixed with mayonnaise (a macaroni salad), or as elaborate as several pastas tossed together with a vinaigrette and a variety of fresh, preserved or cooked ingredients. Additional types of pasta may be used, such as ditalini.[1] These can include vegetables, legumes, cheeses, nuts, herbs, spices, meats, poultry, or seafood.[2]  Broccoli, carrots, baby corn, cucumbers, olives, onions, beans, chick peas, peppers, and parmesan or feta cheeses are all popular ingredients in versions typically found at North American salad bars.

Often, it is recommended to rinse the pasta after cooking, but before dressing and serving. The reason for this is to prevent the pasta from becoming starchy and sticking together. An alternative is to add oil (such as olive oil) to the pasta, either after it is done cooking or to add it to the pasta water. The noodles can be spread out to cool and will not stick together because of the layer of oil on their surfaces.

In Australian and New Zealand cuisine, pasta salad became increasingly popular during the 1990s when commercial versions became more readily available in supermarket stores across both Australia, and New Zealand. It is made of cooked pasta pieces (usually either shell pasta, elbow shaped pasta or penne) covered in mayonnaise and accompanied by carrots, capsicum (bell peppers), and sometimes celery. It is similar in style to the American macaroni salad.



In cooking, a sauce is a liquid, cream, or semi-solid food, served on or used in preparing other foods. Most sauces are not normally consumed by themselves; they add flavor, moisture, and visual appeal to a dish. Sauce is a French word taken from the Latin salsa, meaning salted. Possibly the oldest recorded European sauce is garum, the fish sauce used by the Ancient Romans; while doubanjiang, the Chinese soy bean paste is mentioned in Rites of Zhou in the 3rd century BC.

Sauces need a liquid component. Sauces are an essential element in cuisines all over the world.

Sauces may be used for sweet or savory dishes. They may be prepared and served cold, like mayonnaise, prepared cold but served lukewarm like pesto, cooked and served warm like bechamel or cooked and served cold like apple sauce. They may be freshly prepared by the cook, especially in restaurants, but today many sauces are sold premade and packaged like Worcestershire sauce, HP Sauce, soy sauce or ketchup. Sauces for salad are called salad dressing. Sauces made by deglazing a pan are called pan sauces.

A tea sandwich (also referred to as finger sandwich)[1] is a small prepared sandwich meant to be eaten at afternoon teatime to stave off hunger until the main meal.

The tea sandwich may take a number of different forms, but should be easy to handle, and should be capable of being eaten in two or three bites. It may be a long, narrow sandwich, a triangular half-sandwich, or a small biscuit. It may also be cut into other decorative shapes with a cookie cutter.

The bread is traditionally white, thinly sliced, and buttered. The bread crust is cut away cleanly from the sandwich after the sandwich has been prepared but before serving. Modern bread variations might include wheat, pumpernickel, sour dough or rye bread. The bread used for preparing finger sandwiches is sometimes referred to as sandwich bread.[1]

Fillings are light, and are "dainty" or "delicate" in proportion to the amount of bread. Spreads might include butter, cream cheese or mayonnaise mixtures, and the sandwiches often feature fresh vegetables such as radishes, olives, cucumber, asparagus, or watercress. The cucumber tea sandwich in particular is considered the quintessential tea sandwich. Other popular tea sandwich fillings include tomatoes, pimento cheese, ham with mustard, smoked salmon, fruit jam, curried chicken, fish paste, and egg salad.



Leaf vegetables, also called leafy greens, salad greens, pot herbs, vegetable greens, or simply greens, are plant leaves eaten as a vegetable, sometimes accompanied by tender petioles and shoots.  Although they come from a very wide variety of plants, most share a great deal with other leaf vegetables in nutrition and cooking methods.

Nearly one thousand species of plants with edible leaves are known.  Leaf vegetables most often come from short-lived herbaceous plants, such as lettuce and spinach.  Woody plants of various species also provide edible leaves.

The leaves of many fodder crops are also edible for humans, but are usually only eaten under famine conditions.  Examples include alfalfa, clover, most grasses, including wheat and barley. These plants are often much more prolific than traditional leaf vegetables, but exploitation of their rich nutrition is difficult, due to their high fiber content. This can be overcome by further processing such as drying and grinding into powder or pulping and pressing for juice.

A side dish, sometimes referred to as a side order, side item, or simply a side, is a food item that accompanies the entrée or main course at a meal.[1]

Side dishes such as salad, potatoes and bread are commonly used with main courses throughout many countries of the western world.  Rice and couscous, have grown to be quite popular throughout Europe, especially at formal occasions (with couscous appearing more commonly at dinner parties with Middle Eastern dishes).

When used as an adjective qualifying the name of a dish, the term "side" usually refers to a smaller portion served as a side dish, rather than a larger, main dish-sized serving.  For example, a "side salad" usually served in a small bowl or salad plate, in contrast to a large dinner-plate-sized entrée salad.

A typical American meal with a meat-based main dish might include one vegetable side dish, sometimes in the form of a salad, and one starch side dish, such as bread, potatoes, rice, or pasta.





Pasta (US: /ˈpɑːstə/, UK: /ˈpæstə/; Italian pronunciation: [ˈpasta]) is an Italian type of food typically made from an unleavened dough of wheat flour mixed with water or eggs, and formed into sheets or other shapes, then cooked by boiling or baking. Rice flour, or legumes such as beans or lentils, are sometimes used in place of wheat flour to yield a different taste and texture, or as a gluten-free alternative. Pasta is a staple food of Italian cuisine.[1][2]

Pastas are divided into two broad categories: dried (pasta secca) and fresh (pasta fresca). Most dried pasta is produced commercially via an extrusion process, although it can be produced at home. Fresh pasta is traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines.[3] Fresh pastas available in grocery stores are produced commercially by large-scale machines.



Potato salad is a dish made from boiled potatoes and a variety of other ingredients. It is generally considered a side dish, as it usually accompanies the main course. Potato salad is widely believed to have originated in Germany, spreading widely throughout Europe and later to European colonies.[1][2] American potato salad most likely originated from recipes brought to the U.S. by way of German and European immigrants during the nineteenth century.[2][1] American-style potato salad is served cold or at room temperature. Ingredients often include mayonnaise or a mayonnaise-like substitute (such as yogurt or sour cream), herbs, and vegetables (such as onion and celery)[3] which is actually a simplified form of Olivier salad.

Vinaigrette (/vɪnəˈɡrɛt/ vin-ə-GRET) is made by mixing an oil with something acidic such as vinegar or lemon juice.  The mixture can be enhanced with salt, herbs and/or spices.  It is used most commonly as a salad dressing,[1] but can also be used as a marinade. Traditionally, a vinaigrette consists of 3 parts oil and 1 part vinegar mixed into a stable emulsion, but the term is also applied to mixtures with different proportions and to unstable emulsions which last only a short time before separating into layered oil and vinegar phases.


"Vinaigrette" is the diminutive form of the French word "vinaigre" ("vinegar"). It was commonly known as "French dressing" in the 19th century.[2]
In general, vinaigrette consists of 3 parts of oil to 1 part of vinegar whisked into an emulsion. Salt and pepper are often added. Herbs and shallots are added, especially when it is used for cooked vegetables or grains.  Sometimes mustard is used as an emulsifier[3] and to add flavour.

Vinaigrette may be made with a variety of oils and vinegars. Olive oil and neutral vegetable oils such as soybean oil, canola oil, corn oil, sunflower oil, safflower oil, peanut oil, or grape seed oil are all common.

An onion ring is a form of appetizer or side dish commonly found in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, and some parts of Asia, mainland Europe, and Latin America. They generally consist of a cross-sectional "ring" of onion (the circular structure of which lends itself well to this method of preparation) dipped in batter or bread crumbs and then deep fried; a variant is made with onion paste. While typically served as a side dish, onion rings are often eaten by themselves. The cooking process decomposes propanethial oxide in the onion into the sweet-smelling and tasting bispropenyl disulfide, responsible for the slightly sweet taste of onion rings.

The exact origins of deep-fried onion rings are unknown, but a recipe for onions that are dipped in milk then dredged in flour and deep-fried, appeared in a 1933 advertisement for Crisco in The New York Times Magazine.[1]

A recipe for French Fried Onions may have appeared in the Middletown, New York Daily Times on 13 January 1910. It does not claim to be the originator of the recipe.[2]

One claimant to the invention of the onion ring is the Kirby's Pig Stand restaurant chain, founded in Oak Cliff, Texas, in the early 1920s. The once-thriving chain, whose heyday in the 1940s saw over 100 locations across the United States, also claims to be the originator of Texas toast.[3]



A salad is  a dish consisting of a mixture of small pieces of food, usually vegetables or fruit.[1][2] 
However, different varieties of salad may contain virtually any type of ready-to-eat food. Salads are typically served at room temperature or chilled, with notable exceptions such as south German potato salad which can be served warm.

Garden salads use a base of leafy greens such as lettuce, arugula/rocket, kale or spinach; they are common enough that the word salad alone often refers specifically to garden salads. Other types include bean salad, tuna salad, fattoush, Greek salad (vegetable-based, but without leafy greens), and sōmen salad (a noodle-based salad). The sauce used to flavor a salad is commonly called a salad dressing; most salad dressings are based on either a mixture of oil and vinegar or a fermented milk product like kefir.

Salads may be served at any point during a meal:





Bread is a staple food prepared from a dough of flour and water, usually by baking. Throughout recorded history it has been a prominent food in large parts of the world; it is one of the oldest man-made foods, having been of significant importance since the dawn of agriculture; and plays an essential role in religious rituals and secular culture.

Bread may be leavened by naturally occurring microbes, chemicals, industrially produced yeast, or high-pressure aeration. In many countries, commercial bread often contains additives to improve flavor, texture, color, shelf life, nutrition, and ease of production.

White bread typically refers to breads made from wheat flour from which the bran and the germ layers have been removed (and set aside) from the whole wheatberry as part of the flour grinding or milling process, producing a light-colored flour.[2] This milling process can give white flour a longer shelf life by removing the natural oils from the whole grain. Removing the oil allows products made with the flour, like white bread, to be stored for longer periods of time avoiding potential rancidity.

The flour used in white breads are bleached further—by the use of chemicals such as potassium bromate, azodicarbonamide, or chlorine dioxide gas to remove any slight, natural yellow shade and make its baking properties more predictable. This is banned in the EU. Some flour bleaching agents are also banned from use in other countries.

In the United States, consumers sometimes refer to white bread as sandwich bread and sandwich loaf.[3]

White bread contains 1/2 of the magnesium found in whole-wheat bread.

Dough is a thick, malleable, sometimes elastic paste made out of any grains, leguminous or chestnut crops. Dough is typically made by mixing flour with a small amount of water and/or other liquid, and sometimes includes yeast or other leavening agents as well as other ingredients such as various fats or flavorings.

The process of making and shaping dough is a precursor to making a wide variety of foodstuffs, particularly breads and bread-based items, but also including biscuits, cakes, cookies, dumplings, flatbreads, noodles, pasta, pastry, pizza, piecrusts, and similar items. Doughs are made from a wide variety of flours, commonly wheat but also flours made from maize, rice, rye, legumes, almonds, and other cereals and crops used around the world.

Doughs vary widely depending on ingredients, the kind of product being produced, the type of leavening agent (particularly whether the dough is based on yeast or not), how the dough is mixed (whether quickly mixed or kneaded and left to rise), and cooking or baking technique. There is no formal definition of what makes dough, though most doughs have viscoelastic properties.[1]

Leavened or fermented doughs (generally made from grain cereals or legumes that are ground to produce flour, mixed with water and yeast) are used all over the world to make various breads. Salt, oils or fats, sugars or honey and sometimes milk or eggs are also common ingredients in bread dough. Commercial bread doughs may also include dough conditioners, a class of ingredients that aid in dough consistency and final product.

Flour is a powder made by grinding raw grains, roots, beans, nuts, or seeds. Flours are used to make many different foods. Cereal flour is the main ingredient of bread, which is a staple food for most cultures. Wheat flour is one of the most important ingredients in Oceanic, European, South American, North American, Middle Eastern, North Indian and North African cultures, and is the defining ingredient in their styles of breads and pastries. Corn flour has been important in Mesoamerican cuisine since ancient times and remains a staple in the Americas. Rye flour is a constituent of bread in central Europe.

Cereal flour consists either of the endosperm, germ, and bran together (whole-grain flour) or of the endosperm alone (refined flour). Meal is either differentiable from flour as having slightly coarser particle size (degree of comminution) or is synonymous with flour; the word is used both ways. For example, the word cornmeal often connotes a grittier texture whereas corn flour connotes fine powder, although there is no codified dividing line.

The English word flour is originally a variant of the word flower, and both words derive from the Old French fleur or flour, which had the literal meaning "blossom", and a figurative meaning "the finest". The phrase fleur de farine meant "the finest part of the meal", since flour resulted from the elimination of coarse and unwanted matter from the grain during milling.[1]

The earliest archaeological evidence for wheat seeds crushed between simple millstones to make flour dates to 6000 BC.[2] The Romans were the first to grind seeds on cone mills. In 1879, at the beginning of the Industrial Era, the first steam mill was erected in London.[3] In the 1930s, some flour began to be enriched with iron, niacin, thiamine and riboflavin. In the 1940s, mills started to enrich flour and folic acid was added to the list in the 1990s.

Baking is a method of preparing food that uses  dry heat, normally in an oven, but can also be done in hot ashes, or on hot stones. The most common baked item is bread but many other types of foods are baked.[1] Heat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and breads to their center. As heat travels through, it transforms batters and doughs into baked goods and more with a firm dry crust and a softer centre".[2] Baking can be combined with grilling to produce a hybrid barbecue variant by using both methods simultaneously, or one after the other. Baking is related to barbecuing because the concept of the masonry oven is similar to that of a smoke pit.

Because of historical social and familial roles, baking has traditionally been performed at home by women for day-to-day meals and by men in bakeries and restaurants for local consumption. When production was industrialized, baking was automated by machines in large factories. The art of baking remains a fundamental skill and is important for nutrition, as baked goods, especially breads, are a common and important food, both from an economic and cultural point of view. A person who prepares baked goods as a profession is called a baker.

All types of food can be baked, but some require special care and protection from direct heat. Various techniques have been developed to provide this protection.

In addition to bread, baking is used to prepare cakes, pastries, pies, tarts, quiches, cookies, scones, crackers, pretzels, and more. These popular items are known collectively as "baked goods," and are often sold at a bakery, which is a store that carries only baked goods, or at markets, grocery stores, farmers markets or through other venues.





Pasta (US: /ˈpɑːstə/, UK: /ˈpæstə/; Italian pronunciation: [ˈpasta]) is an Italian type of food typically made from an unleavened dough of wheat flour mixed with water or eggs, and formed into sheets or other shapes, then cooked by boiling or baking. Rice flour, or legumes such as beans or lentils, are sometimes used in place of wheat flour to yield a different taste and texture, or as a gluten-free alternative. Pasta is a staple food of Italian cuisine.[1][2]

Pastas are divided into two broad categories: dried (pasta secca) and fresh (pasta fresca). Most dried pasta is produced commercially via an extrusion process, although it can be produced at home. Fresh pasta is traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines.[3] Fresh pastas available in grocery stores are produced commercially by large-scale machines.

In the United States, farmer cheese (also farmer's cheese or farmers' cheese) is pressed cottage cheese, an unripened cheese made by adding rennet and bacterial starter to coagulate and acidify milk. Farmer cheese may be made from the milk of cows, sheep or goats, with each giving its own texture and flavor.[1]

A wheat berry, or wheatberry, is a whole wheat kernel (except for the hull/husk), composed of the bran, germ, and endosperm.[1] Botanically, it is a type of fruit called a caryopsis.[2] Wheat berries have a tan to reddish-brown color and are available as either a hard or soft processed grain[clarify]. They are often added to salads or baked into bread to add a crunchy texture. If wheat berries are milled, whole-wheat flour is produced.

Wheat berries are the primary ingredient in an Eastern European Christmas porridge called kutya.  In France, cooked durum wheat berries are commonly eaten as a side dish instead of rice or corn.  This side dish is often called ebly, from the name of the first brand of prepared wheat berries. 

Puffed wheat berries

Wheat berries cooking - soaked then sauteed with spring onion

Brown bread is a designation often given to breads made with significant amounts of whole grain flour, usually wheat, and sometimes dark-colored ingredients such as molasses or coffee. In Canada, the United Kingdom and South Africa it simply refers to wholemeal or whole wheat bread, except in the Maritimes, where it implies bread made with molasses. In some regions of the US, the bread is simply called wheat bread in contrast to white bread.

Whole wheat flours that contain raw wheat germ, instead of toasted germ, have higher levels of glutathione, and thus are said to result in lower loaf volumes.[1]

In Ireland, during the Famine, prior to 1848, brown bread was handed out to the poor.[2]  In England, brown bread was made from brown meal.[3] Around and prior to the year 1845, brown meal was considered a less desirable grain product, and was priced accordingly. However, by 1865, due to recently discovered health benefits of bran, brown meal's London price had increased to a point often greater than that of fine flour.[4]

Historically, brown meal was what remained after about 90% of the coarse, outer bran and 74% of pure endosperm or fine flour was removed from the whole grain.[5] Using slightly different extraction numbers, brown meal, representing 20% of the whole grain, was itself composed of about 15% fine bran and 85% white flour.[6] In 1848 it was asserted grain millers knew only of bran and endosperm,[7] but by 1912 it was more widely known that brown meal included the germ.[3]



A salad is  a dish consisting of a mixture of small pieces of food, usually vegetables or fruit.[1][2] 
However, different varieties of salad may contain virtually any type of ready-to-eat food. Salads are typically served at room temperature or chilled, with notable exceptions such as south German potato salad which can be served warm.

Garden salads use a base of leafy greens such as lettuce, arugula/rocket, kale or spinach; they are common enough that the word salad alone often refers specifically to garden salads. Other types include bean salad, tuna salad, fattoush, Greek salad (vegetable-based, but without leafy greens), and sōmen salad (a noodle-based salad). The sauce used to flavor a salad is commonly called a salad dressing; most salad dressings are based on either a mixture of oil and vinegar or a fermented milk product like kefir.

Salads may be served at any point during a meal:

A bun is a small, sometimes sweet, bread-based item[1] or roll. Though they come in many shapes and sizes, they are most commonly hand-sized or smaller, with a round top and flat bottom.

Buns are usually made from flour, sugar, milk, yeast and butter. Common sweet varieties contain small fruit or nuts, and may topped with icing or caramel,  or filled with jam or cream. Some types of buns are filled with various meats, or used to serve meats (such as hotdogs or hamburgers).

"Bun" may also refer to particular types of filled dumplings, such as Chinese baozi. Some of these types of dumplings may be bread-like in texture.

A bun is normally made from dough that has been enriched with sugar and butter and occasionally egg. Without any of these, the dough remains to be 'bread dough' rather than 'bun dough'.



Boiled eggs are eggs, typically from a chicken, cooked with their shells unbroken, usually by immersion in boiling water. Hard-boiled eggs are cooked so that the egg white and egg yolk both solidify, while soft-boiled eggs may leave the yolk, and sometimes the white, at least partially liquid and raw. Boiled eggs are a popular breakfast food around the world.

Besides a boiling water immersion, there are a few different methods to make boiled eggs. Eggs can also be cooked below the boiling temperature, i.e. coddling, or they can be steamed. The egg timer was named for commonly being used to time the boiling of eggs.

There are variations both in degree of cooking and in the method of how eggs are boiled, and a variety of kitchen gadgets for eggs exist. These variations include:





Bread is a staple food prepared from a dough of flour and water, usually by baking. Throughout recorded history it has been a prominent food in large parts of the world; it is one of the oldest man-made foods, having been of significant importance since the dawn of agriculture; and plays an essential role in religious rituals and secular culture.

Bread may be leavened by naturally occurring microbes, chemicals, industrially produced yeast, or high-pressure aeration. In many countries, commercial bread often contains additives to improve flavor, texture, color, shelf life, nutrition, and ease of production.





The potato is a root vegetable native to the Americas, a starchy tuber of the plant Solanum tuberosum, and the plant itself, a perennial in the family Solanaceae.[2]

Wild potato species, originating in modern day Peru, can be found throughout the Americas, from the United States to southern Chile.[3] The potato was originally believed to have been domesticated by indigenous peoples of the Americas independently in multiple locations,[4] but later genetic testing of the wide variety of cultivars and wild species traced a single origin for potatoes. In the area of present-day southern Peru and extreme northwestern Bolivia, from a species in the Solanum brevicaule complex, potatoes were domesticated approximately 7,000–10,000 years ago.[5][6][7] In the Andes region of South America, where the species is indigenous, some close relatives of the potato are cultivated.





Lycopersicon lycopersicum (L.) H. Karst.
Lycopersicon esculentum Mill.

The tomato is the edible, often red, berry of the plant Solanum lycopersicum,[2][1] commonly known as a tomato plant.  The species originated in western South America and Central America.[2][3] The Nahuatl (the language used by the Aztecs) word tomatl gave rise to the Spanish word tomate, from which the English word tomato derived.[3][4] Its domestication and use as a cultivated food may have originated with the indigenous peoples of Mexico.[2][5] The Aztecs used tomatoes in their cooking at the time of the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire, and after the Spanish encountered the tomato for the first time after their contact with the Aztecs, they brought the plant to Europe. From there, the tomato was introduced to other parts of the European-colonized world during the 16th century.[2]



References:  Serial No. 42236 ITIS 2002-09-22

Wheat is a grass widely cultivated for its seed, a cereal grain which is a worldwide staple food.[2][3][4] The many species of wheat together make up the genus Triticum; the most widely grown is common wheat (T. aestivum).  The archaeological record suggests that wheat was first cultivated in the regions of the Fertile Crescent around 9600 BCE. Botanically, the wheat kernel is a type of fruit called a caryopsis.

Wheat is grown on more land area than any other food crop (220.4 million hectares, 2014).[5] World trade in wheat is greater than for all other crops combined.[6] In 2017, world production of wheat was 772 million tonnes, with a forecast of 2019 production at 766 million tonnes,[7] making it the second most-produced cereal after maize.[7][8] Since 1960, world production of wheat and other grain crops has tripled and is expected to grow further through the middle of the 21st century.[9] Global demand for wheat is increasing due to the unique viscoelastic and adhesive properties of gluten proteins, which facilitate the production of processed foods, whose consumption is increasing as a result of the worldwide industrialization process and the westernization of the diet.[10][11]



Cabbage (comprising several cultivars of Brassica oleracea) is a leafy green, red (purple), or white (pale green) biennial plant grown as an annual vegetable crop for its dense-leaved heads. It is descended from the wild cabbage (B. oleracea var. oleracea), and belongs to the "cole crops" or brassicas, meaning it is closely related to broccoli and cauliflower (var. botrytis); Brussels sprouts (var. gemmifera); and Savoy cabbage (var. sabauda).

Cabbage weights generally range from 500 to 1,000 grams (1 to 2 lb). Smooth-leafed, firm-headed green cabbages are the most common, with smooth-leafed purple cabbages and crinkle-leafed savoy cabbages of both colours being more rare. Under conditions of long sunny days, such as those found at high northern latitudes in summer, cabbages can grow quite large. As of 2012[update], the heaviest cabbage was 62.71 kilograms (138.25 lb).  Cabbage heads are generally picked during the first year of the plant's life cycle, but plants intended for seed are allowed to grow a second year and must be kept separate from other cole crops to prevent cross-pollination. Cabbage is prone to several nutrient deficiencies, as well as to multiple pests, and bacterial and fungal diseases.

Cabbage was most likely domesticated somewhere in Europe before 1000 BC, although savoys were not developed until the 16th century AD. By the Middle Ages, cabbage had become a prominent part of European cuisine. They can be prepared many different ways for eating; they can be pickled, fermented (for dishes such as sauerkraut), steamed, stewed, sautéed, braised, or eaten raw. Cabbage is a good source of vitamin K, vitamin C and dietary fiber. World production of cabbage and other brassicas for 2017 was 71 million tonnes, with China accounting for 47% of the world total.





The carrot (Daucus carota subsp. sativus) is a root vegetable, usually orange in colour, though purple, black, red, white, and yellow cultivars exist.[1] They are a domesticated form of the wild carrot, Daucus carota, native to Europe and Southwestern Asia. The plant probably originated in Persia and was originally cultivated for its leaves and seeds. The most commonly eaten part of the plant is the taproot, although the stems and leaves are eaten as well. The domestic carrot has been selectively bred for its greatly enlarged, more palatable, less woody-textured taproot.

The carrot is a biennial plant in the umbellifer family Apiaceae. At first, it grows a rosette of leaves while building up the enlarged taproot. Fast-growing cultivars mature within three months (90 days) of sowing the seed, while slower-maturing cultivars need a month longer (120 days). The roots contain high quantities of alpha- and beta-carotene, and are a good source of vitamin K and vitamin B6, but the belief that eating carrots improves night vision is a myth put forward by the British in World War II to mislead the enemy about their military capabilities.[2]



The turnip or white turnip (Brassica rapa subsp. rapa) is a root vegetable commonly grown in temperate climates worldwide for its white, fleshy taproot. The word turnip is a compound of tur- as in turned/rounded on a lathe and neep, derived from Latin napus, the word for the plant. Small, tender varieties are grown for human consumption, while larger varieties are grown as feed for livestock. In the north of England, Scotland, Ireland, Cornwall and eastern Canada (Quebec, Newfoundland and the Maritimes), turnip (or neep) often refers to rutabaga, a larger, yellow root vegetable in the same genus (Brassica) also known as swede (from "Swedish turnip").[1]

The most common type of turnip is mostly white-skinned apart from the upper 1 to 6 centimetres (1⁄2 to 2 1⁄2 inches), which protrude above the ground and are purple or red or greenish where the sun has hit. This above-ground part develops from stem tissue, but is fused with the root.[citation needed] The interior flesh is entirely white. The root is roughly globular, from 5–20 cm (2–8 in) in diameter, and lacks side roots. Underneath, the taproot (the normal root below the swollen storage root) is thin and 10 cm (4 in) or more in length; it is often trimmed off before the vegetable is sold. The leaves grow directly from the above-ground shoulder of the root, with little or no visible crown or neck (as found in rutabagas).[citation needed]

Turnip leaves are sometimes eaten as "turnip greens" ("turnip tops" in the UK), and they resemble mustard greens (to which they are closely related) in flavor. Turnip greens are a common side dish in southeastern U.S. cooking, primarily during late fall and winter. Smaller leaves are preferred, but the bitter taste of larger leaves can be reduced by pouring off the water from the initial boiling and replacing it with fresh water. Varieties of turnip grown specifically for their leaves resemble mustard greens and have small or no storage roots. These include rapini (broccoli rabe), bok choy, and Chinese cabbage. Similar to raw cabbage or radish, turnip leaves and roots have a pungent flavor that becomes milder after cooking.





Maize (/meɪz/ MAYZ; Zea mays subsp. mays, from Spanish: maíz after Taino: mahiz), also known as corn (American English), is a cereal grain first domesticated by indigenous peoples in southern Mexico about 10,000 years ago.[1][2] The leafy stalk of the plant produces pollen inflorescences and separate ovuliferous inflorescences called ears that yield kernels or seeds, which are fruits.[3]

Maize has become a staple food in many parts of the world, with the total production of maize surpassing that of wheat or rice. However, little of this maize is consumed directly by humans: most is used for corn ethanol, animal feed and other maize products, such as corn starch and corn syrup.[4] The six major types of maize are dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, flour corn, and sweet corn.[5] Sugar-rich varieties called sweet corn are usually grown for human consumption as kernels, while field corn varieties are used for animal feed, various corn-based human food uses (including grinding into cornmeal or masa, pressing into corn oil, and fermentation and distillation into alcoholic beverages like bourbon whiskey), and as chemical feedstocks. Maize is also used in making ethanol and other biofuels.



A bean is the seed of one of several genera of the flowering plant family Fabaceae, which are used as vegetables for human or animal food.[1] They can be cooked in many different ways,[2] including boiling, frying, and baking, and are used in several traditional dishes throughout the world.

The word "bean" and its Germanic cognates (e.g. German Bohne) have existed in common use in West Germanic languages since before the 12th century,[3] referring to broad beans, chickpeas, and other pod-borne seeds. This was long before the New World genus Phaseolus was known in Europe. After Columbian-era contact between Europe and the Americas, use of the word was extended to pod-borne seeds of Phaseolus, such as the common bean and the runner bean, and the related genus Vigna. The term has long been applied generally to many other seeds of similar form,[3][4] such as Old World soybeans, peas, other vetches, and lupins, and even to those with slighter resemblances, such as coffee beans, vanilla beans, castor beans, and cocoa beans. Thus the term "bean" in general usage can refer to a host of different species.[5]

Seeds called "beans" are often included among the crops called "pulses" (legumes),[3] although a narrower prescribed sense of "pulses" reserves the word for leguminous crops harvested for their dry grain. The term bean usually excludes legumes with tiny seeds and which are used exclusively for forage, hay, and silage purposes (such as clover and alfalfa). The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization defines "BEANS, DRY" (item code 176)[5] as applicable only to species of Phaseolus. However, in the past, several species, including Vigna angularis (adzuki bean), V. mungo (black gram), V. radiata (green gram), and V. aconitifolia (moth bean), were classified as Phaseolus and later reclassified and general usage is not governed by that definition.[6][7]



The onion (Allium cepa L., from Latin cepa "onion"), also known as the bulb onion or common onion, is a vegetable that is the most widely cultivated species of the genus Allium. Its close relatives include the garlic, scallion, shallot, leek, chive,[2] and Chinese onion.[3]

This genus also contains several other species variously referred to as onions and cultivated for food, such as the Japanese bunching onion (Allium fistulosum), the tree onion (A. ×proliferum), and the Canada onion (Allium canadense). The name "wild onion" is applied to a number of Allium species, but A. cepa is exclusively known from cultivation. Its ancestral wild original form is not known, although escapes from cultivation have become established in some regions.[4] The onion is most frequently a biennial or a perennial plant, but is usually treated as an annual and harvested in its first growing season.

The onion plant has a fan of hollow, bluish-green leaves and its bulb at the base of the plant begins to swell when a certain day-length is reached. The bulbs are composed of shortened, compressed, underground stems surrounded by fleshy modified scale (leaves) that envelop a central bud at the tip of the stem. In the autumn (or in spring, in the case of overwintering onions), the foliage dies down and the outer layers of the bulb become dry and brittle. The crop is harvested and dried and the onions are ready for use or storage. The crop is prone to attack by a number of pests and diseases, particularly the onion fly, the onion eelworm, and various fungi cause rotting. Some varieties of A. cepa, such as shallots and potato onions, produce multiple bulbs.



The oat (Avena sativa), sometimes called the common oat, is a species of cereal grain grown for its seed, which is known by the same name (usually in the plural, unlike other cereals and pseudocereals). While oats are suitable for human consumption as oatmeal and oat milk, one of the most common uses is as livestock feed. Oats are a nutrient-rich food associated with lower blood cholesterol when consumed regularly.[1]

The wild ancestor of Avena sativa and the closely related minor crop, A. byzantina, is the hexaploid wild oat, A. sterilis. Genetic evidence shows the ancestral forms of A. sterilis grew in the Fertile Crescent of the Near East.[2] Oats are usually considered a secondary crop, i.e., derived from a weed of the primary cereal domesticates, then spreading westward into cooler, wetter areas favorable for oats, eventually leading to their domestication in regions of the Middle East and Europe.[2]

Oats are best grown in temperate regions. They have a lower summer heat requirement and greater tolerance of rain than other cereals, such as wheat, rye or barley, so they are particularly important in areas with cool, wet summers, such as Northwest Europe and even Iceland. Oats are an annual plant, and can be planted either in autumn (for late summer harvest) or in the spring (for early autumn harvest).





Barley (Hordeum vulgare), a member of the grass family, is a major cereal grain grown in temperate climates globally. It was one of the first cultivated grains, particularly in Eurasia as early as 10,000 years ago.[3] Barley has been used as animal fodder, as a source of fermentable material for beer and certain distilled beverages, and as a component of various health foods. It is used in soups and stews, and in barley bread of various cultures. Barley grains are commonly made into malt in a traditional and ancient method of preparation.

In 2017, barley was ranked fourth among grains in quantity produced (149 million tonnes) behind maize, rice and wheat.[4]



The rutabaga (/ˌruː.təˈbeɪ.ɡə/) (North American English), swede (Southern English and some Commonwealth English), neep (Scottish), turnip (in some Canadian English and Northern English, including Cornish English) or snagger (Northern English), also called by several other names in different regions (including turnip, though this elsewhere usually refers to the "white turnip"), is a root vegetable that originated as a cross between the cabbage and the turnip. The roots are eaten in a variety of ways, and the leaves can be eaten as a leaf vegetable. The roots and tops are also used for livestock, either fed directly in the winter or foraged in the field during the other seasons. Scotland, Northern England, West England and Ireland had a tradition of carving the roots into lanterns at Halloween.

Rutabaga has many national and regional names. Rutabaga is the common North American term for the plant. This comes from the Swedish dialectal word rotabagge,[1] from rot (root) + bagge (lump, bunch).[2] In the U.S., the plant is also known as Swedish turnip or yellow turnip.[3][4]

The term swede (from "Swedish turnip") is used in many Commonwealth Nations, including much of England, Australia, and New Zealand. The name turnip is also used in parts of Northern and Midland England, the West Country (particularly Cornwall),  Ireland, the Isle of Man, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec and Atlantic Canada. In Wales, according to region, it is variously known as maip, rwden, erfin, swedsen, or swejen in Welsh,[5] and as swede or turnip in English.



Green beans are the unripe, young fruit and protective pods of various cultivars of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris).[1][2] Immature or young pods of the runner bean (Phaseolus coccineus), yardlong bean (Vigna unguiculata subsp. sesquipedalis), and hyacinth bean (Lablab purpureus) are used in a similar way.[3] Green beans are known by many common names, including French beans,[4] string beans,[4] snap beans,[4] snaps,[5][6] and the French name haricot vert. They are also known as Baguio beans in Philippine English, to distinguish them from yardlong beans. [7] Other locals in the vegetable farming regions of the Philippines refer these as "habitchuelas". It is commonly grown in the northern highlands of Benguet, Mountain Province and Nueva Viscaya, and other mid-elevation areas in the country like Bukidnon, Quezon and Laguna.[8][9]

They are distinguished from the many other varieties of beans in that green beans are harvested and consumed with their enclosing pods, before the bean seeds inside have fully matured. An analogous practice is the harvest and consumption of unripened pea pods, as is done with snow peas or sugar snap peas.

Green beans are eaten around the world, and are sold fresh, canned, and frozen. They can be eaten raw or steamed, boiled, stir-fried, or baked. They are commonly cooked in other dishes such as soups, stews and casseroles. Green beans can also be pickled, much like cucumbers are. 



The pea is most commonly the small spherical seed or the seed-pod of the pod fruit Pisum sativum. Each pod contains several peas, which can be green or yellow. Botanically, pea pods are fruit,[2] since they contain seeds and develop from the ovary of a (pea) flower. The name is also used to describe other edible seeds from the Fabaceae such as the pigeon pea (Cajanus cajan), the cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), and the seeds from several species of Lathyrus.

P. sativum is an annual plant, with a life cycle of one year. It is a cool-season crop grown in many parts of the world; planting can take place from winter to early summer depending on location. The average pea weighs between 0.1 and 0.36 gram.[3] The immature peas (and in snow peas the tender pod as well) are used as a vegetable, fresh, frozen or canned; varieties of the species typically called field peas are grown to produce dry peas like the split pea shelled from a matured pod. These are the basis of pease porridge and pea soup, staples of medieval cuisine; in Europe, consuming fresh immature green peas was an innovation of Early Modern cuisine.

The wild pea is restricted to the Mediterranean basin and the Near East. The earliest archaeological finds of peas date from the late Neolithic era of current Greece, Syria, Turkey and Jordan. In Egypt, early finds date from c. 4800–4400 BC in the Nile delta area, and from c. 3800–3600 BC in Upper Egypt. The pea was also present in Georgia in the 5th millennium BC. Farther east, the finds are younger. Peas were present in Afghanistan c. 2000 BC; in Harappan civilization around modern-day Pakistan and western- and northwestern India in 2250–1750 BC. In the second half of the 2nd millennium BC, this legume crop appears in the Ganges Basin and southern India.[4]



Spinach (Spinacia oleracea) is a leafy green flowering plant native to central and western Asia. It is of the order Caryophyllales, family Amaranthaceae, subfamily Chenopodioideae. Its leaves are a common edible vegetable consumed either fresh, or after storage using preservation techniques by canning, freezing, or dehydration. It may be eaten cooked or raw, and the taste differs considerably; the high oxalate content may be reduced by steaming.

It is an annual plant (rarely biennial), growing as tall as 30 cm (1 ft). Spinach may overwinter in temperate regions. The leaves are alternate, simple, ovate to triangular, and very variable in size: 2–30 cm (1–12 in) long and 1–15 cm (0.4–5.9 in) broad, with larger leaves at the base of the plant and small leaves higher on the flowering stem. The flowers are inconspicuous, yellow-green, 3–4 mm (0.1–0.2 in) in diameter, and mature into a small, hard, dry, lumpy fruit cluster 5–10 mm (0.2–0.4 in) across containing several seeds. 

In 2018, world production of spinach was 26.3 million tonnes, with China alone accounting for 90% of the total.[1]

The beetroot is the taproot portion of a beet plant,[1] usually known in Canada and the USA as beets while the vegetable is referred to as beetroot in British English, and also known as the table beet, garden beet, red beet, dinner beet or golden beet. It is one of several cultivated varieties of Beta vulgaris grown for their edible taproots and leaves (called beet greens); they have been classified as B. vulgaris subsp. vulgaris 'Conditiva' Group.[2]

Besides being used as a food, beets have uses as a food colouring and as a medicinal plant. Many beet products are made from other Beta vulgaris varieties, particularly sugar beet.

Beta is the ancient Latin name for beets,[3] possibly of Celtic origin, becoming bete in Old English around 1400.[4] Root derives from the late Old English rōt, itself from Old Norse rót.[5]

Beets were domesticated in the ancient Middle East, primarily for their greens, and were grown by the Ancient Egyptians, Greeks and Romans. By the Roman era, it is thought that they were cultivated for their roots as well. From the Middle Ages, beetroot was used as a treatment for a variety of conditions, especially illnesses relating to digestion and the blood. Bartolomeo Platina recommended taking beetroot with garlic to nullify the effects of "garlic-breath".[6]

Sweet corn (Zea mays convar. saccharata var. rugosa;[1] also called sweetcorn, sugar corn and pole corn)  is a variety of maize with a high sugar content. Sweet corn is the result of a naturally occurring recessive mutation in the genes which control conversion of sugar to starch inside the endosperm of the corn kernel. Unlike field corn varieties, which are harvested when the kernels are dry and mature (dent stage), sweet corn is picked when immature (milk stage) and prepared and eaten as a vegetable, rather than a grain. Since the process of maturation involves converting sugar to starch, sweet corn stores poorly and must be eaten fresh, canned, or frozen, before the kernels become tough and starchy.

It is one of the six major types of corn, the others being dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, and flour corn.[2]

Sweet corn occurs as a spontaneous mutation in field corn and was grown by several Native American tribes. The Iroquois gave the first recorded sweet corn (called 'Papoon') to European settlers in 1779.[3] It soon became a popular food in the southern and central regions of the United States.

Open pollinated cultivars of white sweet corn started to become widely available in the United States in the 19th century.  Two of the most enduring cultivars, still available today, are 'Country Gentleman' (a Shoepeg corn with small kernels in irregular rows) and 'Stowell's Evergreen'.



The peanut, also known as the groundnut,[2] goober (US), or monkey nut (UK), and taxonomically classified as Arachis hypogaea, is a legume crop grown mainly for its edible seeds. It is widely grown in the tropics and subtropics, being important to both small and large commercial producers. It is classified as both a grain legume[3] and, due to its high oil content, an oil crop.[4] World annual production of shelled peanuts was 44 million tonnes in 2016, led by China with 38% of the world total. Atypically among legume crop plants, peanut pods develop underground (geocarpy) rather than above ground. With this characteristic in mind, the botanist Carl Linnaeus named the species hypogaea, which means "under the earth".

As a legume, the peanut belongs to the botanical family Fabaceae; this is also known as Leguminosae, and commonly known as the bean, or pea, family.[1] Like most other legumes, peanuts harbor symbiotic nitrogen-fixing bacteria in root nodules.[5] This capacity to fix nitrogen means peanuts require less nitrogen-containing fertilizer and also improve soil fertility, making them valuable in crop rotations.

Peanuts are similar in taste and nutritional profile to tree nuts such as walnuts and almonds, and as a culinary nut are often served in similar ways in Western cuisines. The botanical definition of a "nut" is a fruit whose ovary wall becomes hard at maturity. Using this criterion, the peanut is not a typical nut.[6] However, for culinary purposes and in common English language usage, peanuts are usually referred to as nuts.



The lentil (Lens culinaris or Lens esculenta) is an edible legume. It is an annual plant known for its lens-shaped seeds. It is about 40 cm (16 in) tall, and the seeds grow in pods, usually with two seeds in each. As a food crop, the majority of world production comes from Canada and India, producing 58% combined of the world total.

In cuisines of the Indian subcontinent, where lentils are a staple, split lentils (often with their hulls removed) known as daal are often cooked into a thick curry/gravy that is usually eaten with rice or rotis.

Many different names in different parts of the world are used for the crop lentil.[1] The first use of the word lens to designate a specific genus was in the 16th century by the botanist Tournefort.[2] The word "lens" for the lentil is of classical Roman/Latin origin: McGee points out that a prominent Roman family took the name "Lentulus", just as the family name "Cicero" was derived from the chickpea, Cicer arietinum. [3]



The sweet potato or sweetpotato (Ipomoea batatas) is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the bindweed or morning glory family, Convolvulaceae. Its large, starchy, sweet-tasting, tuberous roots are a root vegetable.[1][2] The young leaves and shoots are sometimes eaten as greens. The sweet potato is commonly thought to be a type of potato (Solanum tuberosum) but does not belong to the nightshade family, Solanaceae, but both families belong to the same taxonomic order, the Solanales.  The sweet potato, especially the orange variety, is often called a "yam" in parts of North America, but is botanically very distinct from true yams.

The plant is a herbaceous perennial vine, bearing alternate heart-shaped or palmately lobed leaves and medium-sized sympetalous flowers. The edible tuberous root is long and tapered, with a smooth skin whose color ranges between yellow, orange, red, brown, purple, and beige. Its flesh ranges from beige through white, red, pink, violet, yellow, orange, and purple. Sweet potato cultivars with white or pale yellow flesh are less sweet and moist than those with red, pink or orange flesh.[3]

Ipomoea batatas is native to the tropical regions in the Americas.[4][5] Of the approximately 50 genera and more than 1,000 species of Convolvulaceae, I. batatas is the only crop plant of major importance—some others are used locally (e.g., I. aquatica "kangkong"), but many are poisonous. The genus Ipomoea that contains the sweet potato also includes several garden flowers called morning glories, though that term is not usually extended to Ipomoea batatas. Some cultivars of Ipomoea batatas are grown as ornamental plants under the name tuberous morning glory, used in a horticultural context.





The potato is a root vegetable native to the Americas, a starchy tuber of the plant Solanum tuberosum, and the plant itself, a perennial in the family Solanaceae.[2]

Wild potato species, originating in modern day Peru, can be found throughout the Americas, from the United States to southern Chile.[3] The potato was originally believed to have been domesticated by indigenous peoples of the Americas independently in multiple locations,[4] but later genetic testing of the wide variety of cultivars and wild species traced a single origin for potatoes. In the area of present-day southern Peru and extreme northwestern Bolivia, from a species in the Solanum brevicaule complex, potatoes were domesticated approximately 7,000–10,000 years ago.[5][6][7] In the Andes region of South America, where the species is indigenous, some close relatives of the potato are cultivated.



Rice is the seed of the grass species Oryza glaberrima (African rice) or Oryza sativa (Asian rice). As a cereal grain, it is the most widely consumed staple food for a large part of the world's human population, especially in Asia and Africa. It is the agricultural commodity with the third-highest worldwide production (rice, 741.5 million tonnes in 2014), after sugarcane (1.9 billion tonnes) and maize (1.0 billion tonnes).[1]

Since sizable portions of sugarcane and maize crops are used for purposes other than human consumption, rice is the most important grain with regard to human nutrition and caloric intake, providing more than one-fifth of the calories consumed worldwide by humans.[2] There are many varieties of rice and culinary preferences tend to vary regionally.

Rice, a monocot, is normally grown as an annual plant, although in tropical areas it can survive as a perennial and can produce a ratoon crop for up to 30 years.[3] Rice cultivation is well-suited to countries and regions with low labor costs and high rainfall, as it is labor-intensive to cultivate and requires ample water. However, rice can be grown practically anywhere, even on a steep hill or mountain area with the use of water-controlling terrace systems. Although its parent species are native to Asia and certain parts of Africa, centuries of trade and exportation have made it commonplace in many cultures worldwide.





Maize (/meɪz/ MAYZ; Zea mays subsp. mays, from Spanish: maíz after Taino: mahiz), also known as corn (American English), is a cereal grain first domesticated by indigenous peoples in southern Mexico about 10,000 years ago.[1][2] The leafy stalk of the plant produces pollen inflorescences and separate ovuliferous inflorescences called ears that yield kernels or seeds, which are fruits.[3]

Maize has become a staple food in many parts of the world, with the total production of maize surpassing that of wheat or rice. However, little of this maize is consumed directly by humans: most is used for corn ethanol, animal feed and other maize products, such as corn starch and corn syrup.[4] The six major types of maize are dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, flour corn, and sweet corn.[5] Sugar-rich varieties called sweet corn are usually grown for human consumption as kernels, while field corn varieties are used for animal feed, various corn-based human food uses (including grinding into cornmeal or masa, pressing into corn oil, and fermentation and distillation into alcoholic beverages like bourbon whiskey), and as chemical feedstocks. Maize is also used in making ethanol and other biofuels.



The soybean or soya bean (Glycine max)[3] is a species of legume native to East Asia, widely grown for its edible bean, which has numerous uses.

Traditional unfermented food uses of soybeans include soy milk, from which tofu and tofu skin are made. Fermented soy foods include soy sauce, fermented bean paste, nattō, and tempeh. Fat-free (defatted) soybean meal is a significant and cheap source of protein for animal feeds and many packaged meals. For example, soybean products, such as textured vegetable protein (TVP), are ingredients in many meat and dairy substitutes.[4]

Soy beans contain significant amounts of phytic acid, dietary minerals and B vitamins. Soy vegetable oil, used in food and industrial applications, is another product of processing the soybean crop. Soybean is the most important protein source for feed farm animals (that in turn yields animal protein for human consumption).[5]

Sugarcane, or sugar cane are several species and hybrids of tall perennial grasses in the genus Saccharum, tribe Andropogoneae, that are used for sugar production. The plants are two to six metres (six to twenty feet) tall with stout, jointed, fibrous stalks that are rich in sucrose, which accumulates in the stalk internodes. Sugarcanes belong to the grass family Poaceae, an economically important flowering plant family that includes maize, wheat, rice, and sorghum, and many forage crops. It is native to the warm temperate to tropical regions of Southeast Asia and New Guinea.

Sugarcane is the world's largest crop by production quantity, with 1.8 billion tonnes[clarification needed] produced in 2017, with Brazil accounting for 40% of the world total. In 2012, the Food and Agriculture Organization estimated it was cultivated on about 26 million hectares (64 million acres), in more than 90 countries. 

About 70% of the sugar produced globally comes from a species of sugarcane called Saccharum officinarum and hybrids of this species.[1] All sugarcane species can interbreed, and the major commercial cultivars are complex hybrids.[2]

Sugarcane accounts for 79% of sugar produced; most of the rest is made from sugar beets. While sugarcane predominantly grows in tropical and subtropical regions, sugar beets typically grow in colder temperate regions.



A bean is the seed of one of several genera of the flowering plant family Fabaceae, which are used as vegetables for human or animal food.[1] They can be cooked in many different ways,[2] including boiling, frying, and baking, and are used in several traditional dishes throughout the world.

The word "bean" and its Germanic cognates (e.g. German Bohne) have existed in common use in West Germanic languages since before the 12th century,[3] referring to broad beans, chickpeas, and other pod-borne seeds. This was long before the New World genus Phaseolus was known in Europe. After Columbian-era contact between Europe and the Americas, use of the word was extended to pod-borne seeds of Phaseolus, such as the common bean and the runner bean, and the related genus Vigna. The term has long been applied generally to many other seeds of similar form,[3][4] such as Old World soybeans, peas, other vetches, and lupins, and even to those with slighter resemblances, such as coffee beans, vanilla beans, castor beans, and cocoa beans. Thus the term "bean" in general usage can refer to a host of different species.[5]

Seeds called "beans" are often included among the crops called "pulses" (legumes),[3] although a narrower prescribed sense of "pulses" reserves the word for leguminous crops harvested for their dry grain. The term bean usually excludes legumes with tiny seeds and which are used exclusively for forage, hay, and silage purposes (such as clover and alfalfa). The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization defines "BEANS, DRY" (item code 176)[5] as applicable only to species of Phaseolus. However, in the past, several species, including Vigna angularis (adzuki bean), V. mungo (black gram), V. radiata (green gram), and V. aconitifolia (moth bean), were classified as Phaseolus and later reclassified and general usage is not governed by that definition.[6][7]



References:  Serial No. 42236 ITIS 2002-09-22

Wheat is a grass widely cultivated for its seed, a cereal grain which is a worldwide staple food.[2][3][4] The many species of wheat together make up the genus Triticum; the most widely grown is common wheat (T. aestivum).  The archaeological record suggests that wheat was first cultivated in the regions of the Fertile Crescent around 9600 BCE. Botanically, the wheat kernel is a type of fruit called a caryopsis.

Wheat is grown on more land area than any other food crop (220.4 million hectares, 2014).[5] World trade in wheat is greater than for all other crops combined.[6] In 2017, world production of wheat was 772 million tonnes, with a forecast of 2019 production at 766 million tonnes,[7] making it the second most-produced cereal after maize.[7][8] Since 1960, world production of wheat and other grain crops has tripled and is expected to grow further through the middle of the 21st century.[9] Global demand for wheat is increasing due to the unique viscoelastic and adhesive properties of gluten proteins, which facilitate the production of processed foods, whose consumption is increasing as a result of the worldwide industrialization process and the westernization of the diet.[10][11]



Manihot esculenta, commonly called cassava (/kəˈsɑːvə/), manioc,[2] yuca, macaxeira, mandioca, kappa kizhangu[3] and aipim, is a woody shrub native to South America of the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae. Although a perennial plant, cassava is extensively cultivated as an annual crop in tropical and subtropical regions for its edible starchy tuberous root, a major source of carbohydrates. Though it is often called yuca in Spanish America and in the United States, it is not related to yucca, a shrub in the family Asparagaceae. Cassava is predominantly consumed in boiled form, but substantial quantities are used to extract cassava starch, called tapioca, which is used for food, animal feed, and industrial purposes. The Brazilian farinha, and the related garri of West Africa, is an edible coarse flour obtained by grating cassava roots, pressing moisture off the obtained grated pulp, and finally drying it (and roasting in the case of farinha).

Cassava is the third-largest source of food carbohydrates in the tropics, after rice and maize.[4][5] Cassava is a major staple food in the developing world, providing a basic diet for over half a billion people.[6] It is one of the most drought-tolerant crops, capable of growing on marginal soils. Nigeria is the world's largest producer of cassava, while Thailand is the largest exporter of cassava starch.

Cassava is classified as either sweet or bitter. Like other roots and tubers, both bitter and sweet varieties of cassava contain antinutritional factors and toxins, with the bitter varieties containing much larger amounts.[7] It must be properly prepared before consumption, as improper preparation of cassava can leave enough residual cyanide to cause acute cyanide intoxication,[8][9] goiters, and even ataxia, partial paralysis, or death. The more toxic varieties of cassava are a fall-back resource (a "food security crop") in times of famine or food insecurity in some places.[8][7] Farmers often prefer the bitter varieties because they deter pests, animals, and thieves.[10]



Vegetables are parts of plants that are consumed by humans or other animals as food.  The original meaning is still commonly used and is applied to plants collectively to refer to all edible plant matter, including the flowers, fruits, stems, leaves, roots, and seeds. The alternate definition of the term is applied somewhat arbitrarily, often by culinary and cultural tradition. It may exclude foods derived from some plants that are fruits, flowers, nuts, and cereal grains, but include savoury fruits such as tomatoes and courgettes, flowers such as broccoli, and seeds such as pulses.

Originally, vegetables were collected from the wild by hunter-gatherers and entered cultivation in several parts of the world, probably during the period 10,000 BC to 7,000 BC, when a new agricultural way of life developed. At first, plants which grew locally would have been cultivated, but as time went on, trade brought exotic crops from elsewhere to add to domestic types. Nowadays, most vegetables are grown all over the world as climate permits, and crops may be cultivated in protected environments in less suitable locations. China is the largest producer of vegetables, and global trade in agricultural products allows consumers to purchase vegetables grown in faraway countries. The scale of production varies from subsistence farmers supplying the needs of their family for food, to agribusinesses with vast acreages of single-product crops. Depending on the type of vegetable concerned, harvesting the crop is followed by grading, storing, processing, and marketing.

Vegetables can be eaten either raw or cooked and play an important role in human nutrition, being mostly low in fat and carbohydrates, but high in vitamins, minerals and dietary fiber. Many nutritionists encourage people to consume plenty of fruit and vegetables, five or more portions a day often being recommended.



Sorghum is a genus of flowering plants in the grass family Poaceae, which includes about 25 species. Some of these species have grown as cereals for human consumption and some in pastures for animals. One species, Sorghum bicolor, was originally domesticated in Africa and has since spread throughout the globe. Seventeen of the 25 species are native to Australia,[2][3] with the range of some extending to Africa, Asia, Mesoamerica, and certain islands in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.[4][5] One species is grown for grain, while many others are used as fodder plants, either cultivated in warm climates worldwide or naturalized in pasture lands.[6] Sorghum is in the subfamily Panicoideae and the tribe Andropogoneae (the tribe of big bluestem and sugarcane).

One species, Sorghum bicolor,[7] native to Africa with many cultivated forms now,[8] is an important crop worldwide, used for food (as grain and in sorghum syrup or "sorghum molasses"), animal fodder, the production of alcoholic beverages, and biofuels. Most varieties are drought- and heat-tolerant, and are especially important in arid regions, where the grain is one of the staples for poor and rural people. These varieties form important components of forage in many tropical regions. S. bicolor is an important food crop in Africa, Central America, and South Asia, and is the fifth-most important cereal crop grown in the world.[9]

In the early stages of the plants' growth, some species of sorghum can contain levels of hydrogen cyanide, hordenine, and nitrates which are lethal to grazing animals. When stressed by drought or heat, plants can also contain toxic levels of cyanide and nitrates at later stages in growth.[10][11]



Sesame (/ˈsɛsəmiː/; Sesamum indicum) is a flowering plant in the genus Sesamum, also called benne.[2] Numerous wild relatives occur in Africa and a smaller number in India. It is widely naturalized in tropical regions around the world and is cultivated for its edible seeds, which grow in pods. World production in 2016 was 6.1 million tonnes, with Tanzania, Myanmar, India, and Sudan as the largest producers.[3]

Sesame seed is one of the oldest oilseed crops known, domesticated well over 3000 years ago. Sesamum has many other species, most being wild and native to sub-Saharan Africa. S. indicum, the cultivated type, originated in India[4] and is tolerant to drought-like conditions, growing where other crops fail.[5][6] Sesame has one of the highest oil contents of any seed. With a rich, nutty flavor, it is a common ingredient in cuisines across the world.[7][8] Like other seeds and foods, it can trigger allergic reactions in some people.

The word "sesame" is from Latin sesamum and Greek sēsamon; which in turn are derived from ancient Semitic languages, e.g., Akkadian šamaššamu.[9] From these roots, words with the generalized meaning "oil, liquid fat" were derived.[10][11]



Rice is the seed of the grass species Oryza glaberrima (African rice) or Oryza sativa (Asian rice). As a cereal grain, it is the most widely consumed staple food for a large part of the world's human population, especially in Asia and Africa. It is the agricultural commodity with the third-highest worldwide production (rice, 741.5 million tonnes in 2014), after sugarcane (1.9 billion tonnes) and maize (1.0 billion tonnes).[1]

Since sizable portions of sugarcane and maize crops are used for purposes other than human consumption, rice is the most important grain with regard to human nutrition and caloric intake, providing more than one-fifth of the calories consumed worldwide by humans.[2] There are many varieties of rice and culinary preferences tend to vary regionally.

Rice, a monocot, is normally grown as an annual plant, although in tropical areas it can survive as a perennial and can produce a ratoon crop for up to 30 years.[3] Rice cultivation is well-suited to countries and regions with low labor costs and high rainfall, as it is labor-intensive to cultivate and requires ample water. However, rice can be grown practically anywhere, even on a steep hill or mountain area with the use of water-controlling terrace systems. Although its parent species are native to Asia and certain parts of Africa, centuries of trade and exportation have made it commonplace in many cultures worldwide.

Fideuà (dialectal pronunciation of the Valencian word fideuada "large amount of noodles") is a seafood dish originally from the coast of Valencia that is similar to paella, and even more so to arròs a banda, but with noodles instead of rice. Its main ingredients are pasta noodles (usually[dubious  – discuss] hollow), fish (rockfish, monkfish, cuttlefish, squid), and shellfish (Squilla mantis, shrimp, crayfish). It is seasoned mainly with lemon.

The invention of fideuà is attributed to a picturesque story. Gabriel Rodriguez Pastor, (Gabrielo from a kiosk in the port district of Grau in Gandía), worked as a cook on a boat and Juan Bautista Pascual (Zábalo), was the youngest man on the boat and his assistant. According to Gabriel's family, the boat captain loved rice and the rest of sailors almost never received their full portion of arròs a banda, the dish that the cook usually prepared. Trying to find a solution for the problem, the cook had the idea of using noodles instead of rice to see if the result was a little less appetizing for the captain.

The invention was liked, and fame of the dish spread to harbor restaurants such as the "Pastaora House," where they cooked the first "fideuades." The dish became distinctive and essential in the area.

Just like paella, it is cooked in a special wide and flat frying pan, also called paella, although there are other traditional variants made in a casserole.

Arròs a banda (Valencian term for rice on the side, translated as Arroz a banda in Spanish) is a dish of rice cooked in fish stock, typical of the coastal area of Alicante (and, per extension, in most of the Valencian Community), Spain, and distinct from the paella of Valencia. It is popular up to  Garraf, Barcelona (Catalonia) and down to Murcia (Region of Murcia).

It originated with the fishermen of Alicante, who sold off their best fish and kept the leftovers for stock, used to cook the rice. It is usually served with alioli.



Arròs negre (Valencian pronunciation: [aˈrɔz ˈneɣɾe], Spanish: arroz negro) is a Valencian and Catalan dish made with cuttlefish (or squid) and rice, somewhat similar to seafood paella.[1][2][3][4] Some call it paella negra ("black paella"), although it is traditionally not called a paella even though it is prepared in a similar manner.

Arròs negre should not be confused with black rice, the collective name for several cultivars of heirloom rice that have a naturally dark color.

The traditional recipe for this dish calls for squid ink, cuttlefish or squid, white rice, garlic, green cubanelle peppers, sweet paprika, olive oil and seafood broth.[5] However, many cooks add other seafood as well, such as crab and shrimp.

The dish's dark color comes from squid ink which also enhances its seafood flavor.

Valencian cuisine is a Mediterranean cuisine as cooked in the Valencian Community, Spain. Its basic ingredients are vegetables, seafood and meat. It is famous worldwide for its rices, such as paella, and its citrus fruits. The cuisine of neighbouring regions have given and received important contributions from Valencian gastronomy, amongst them Balearic cuisine, Catalan cuisine, Aragonese cuisine, Manchego cuisine and Murcian cuisine.

Valencian wines are also well-regarded, with three Protected Designation of Origin: Alicante, Utiel-Requena and Valencia. In Utiel-Requena, champagne is made under the cava denomination. Meanwhile, muscat (known as "moscatell" also called "mistela") is produced in the Marina Alta (near Denia) under Alicante DO and also in Turís, Cheste, Godelleta and surroundings, under the Valencia DO.

Arroz a la valenciana (Spanish) or Arroz à valenciana (Portuguese) is a typical Latin American dish which is also considered as a part of Philippine cuisine. It is considered as the Philippine version of paella.[1] In Chile and Nicaragua it is referred to as a Latin American version of Valencian paella.[2]

The dish consists of one pound of rice, chicken, chorizo, two ounces of butter, one onion, one red bell pepper, two tomatoes, a can of tomato paste, and salt and pepper to taste. It is usually prepared with beer, along with white wine.[3]

To prepare the dish, first the chicken is cooked in sufficient water, then onions, red bell pepper and salt are added. When it's finished the chicken is stripped and any bones are discarded. After comes the preparation of the rice where the chicken is then added and left to cook. Afterwards, in a frying pan, butter, onion, and red pepper are fried. Later the chicken and rice is added and mixed together along with sausage and the optional addition of beer or white wine.[4]

Related dishes

Esgarraet (from Valencian esgarradet, meaning "disrupted") is a typical dish from the Valencian community in Spain. It consists of grilled red pepper salad, cured cod, garlic, olive oil and sometimes black olives. The name derives from the preparation technique that requires to rip both the peppers and the fish in fine strips.

It is also served as tapa and is very typical for the city of Valencia. It is very popular, as the flavour of the salt cod fish contrast very well with the sweetness of the peppers and its juice that mixes with the olive oil is commonly soaked up with bread.

In Valencia this dish may be considered as a variation of espencat, another popular dish of the Valencian cuisine.
In Catalonia there is a variation that is called esqueixada which means "torn" or "ripped" in Catalan and features grilled tomato instead of red peppers.
In the central region of Castellón baked eggplant is added and all ingredients are chopped into little pieces. The recipe may also include Mojama or cod fish.

Rouille (pronounced [ʁuj], French 'rust') is a sauce that consists of olive oil with breadcrumbs, garlic, saffron and cayenne pepper.[1] It is served as a garnish with fish, fish soup and, notably, bouillabaisse. Rouille is most often used in the cuisine of Provence.

Esqueixada (Catalan pronunciation: [əskəˈʃaðə])  is a traditional Catalan dish, a salad of shredded salt cod, tomatoes, onions, olive oil and vinegar, salt, and sometimes a garnish of olives or hard-boiled eggs.[1][2] Specific recipes vary, with some including ingredients such as red or green bell peppers.[1][2][3] Esqueixada is particularly popular in warm weather and is sometimes considered a summertime dish.[1][2]

Esqueixada is sometimes described as the "Catalan ceviche" because it is made with raw fish (although the cod is salt-cured and dried) in a marinade.[1] The name of the dish comes from the Catalan verb esqueixar, to tear or shred.[1] The salt cod in the dish is always shredded with the fingers, never sliced or chopped, to achieve the correct texture.[1][2]

Xató (Catalan pronunciation: [ʃəˈto]) is a typical Catalan dish. It is a sauce made with almonds, hazelnuts, breadcrumbs, vinegar, garlic, olive oil, salt, and the nyora pepper. The sauce is often served with an endive salad prepared with anchovy, tuna and salted cod (bacallà).

The "Xató Route" is formed by the following Catalan towns: Canyelles, Calafell, Cubelles, Cunit, El Vendrell, Sant Pere de Ribes, Sitges and Vilanova i la Geltrú. There is a recipe for each town on the 'Xató route'.

Porra antequerana is a part of the gazpacho family of soups originating in Andalusia, in southern Spain. Porra antequerana consists of tomato and dried bread. As it is much thicker than its culinary cousins, gazpacho and salmorejo, it is more commonly served as tapas, not soup. Like all soups in this family, there can be variations on the recipe. The word 'Antequerana' derives from the town of Antequera.[1] Porra is a type of club or truncheon and the use of the word in the dish's name likely refers to its traditional preparation with mortar and pestle.



Ciambotta or giambotta is a summer vegetable stew of southern Italian cuisine. The dish has different regional spellings;[1][2] it is known as ciambotta or ciambrotta in Calabria and elsewhere,[2][3] ciammotta in Basilicata[3] and Calabria,[2] cianfotta'or ciambotta' in Campania[3][2] and Lazio,[3] and ciabotta in Abruzzo.[2]

Ciambotta is popular throughout southern Italy, from Naples south.[4] There are many individual and regional variations of ciambotta, but all feature summer vegetables.[4][5][2] Italian eggplant, zucchini, bell peppers, potato, onion, tomatoes, garlic, basil, and olive oil are common ingredients.[3][4][5] Ciambotta is most often served as a main course, or alongside grilled meats, such as sausage[4][5] or swordfish.[4] It is sometimes served with pasta, polenta, or rice.[6]

Ciambotta "is a member of that hard-to-define category of Italian foods known as minestre, generally somewhere between a thick soup and a stew."[1] It is frequently likened to the French ratatouille;[1][7] both are part of the broader family of western Mediterranean vegetable stews.[2]

Lobster stew is found in a variety of cuisines. Two famous versions are Menorcan caldera de llagosta[1] and Maine lobster stew.

There is a variety of Catalan lobster stews.

Perhaps the most famous is the Menorcan caldera de llagosta [2] (Catalan). Lobster is added to a sofrito, onions, tomatoes, garlic and parsley and boiled, and is eaten with thin slices of bread. It is a signature dish of Menorca, and even the monarchy of Spain has been known to travel to Menorca to enjoy it. [3]

This dish is only available during spring and summer, because the local lobsters are protected and can only be captured between March and August.

Fabes con almejas (Spanish) or Fabes con amasueles, in Asturian for beans with clams, is a clam and bean stew that originated in the principality of Asturias in the 19th century as peasant fare.[1] It is a lighter variation of Asturian fabada whose primary ingredients are sausage, beans and pork.

The traditional recipe for fabes con amasueless calls for small clams, fava beans, onions, garlic, salt, saffron, bay leaves, olive oil, parsley, bread crumbs and sometimes sweet paprika.[2][3]



Pastissets (Catalan pronunciation: [pəstiˈsɛts]),  also called casquetes, pastissets or flaons are small stuffed fried cakes in Catalonia. They can be filled with cabell d'àngel jam, sweet potato jam, or almonds, even with mató cheese and codonyat. They are typical of Terres de l'Ebre and in Valencian Community. In Mallorca, there is a very similar preparation called rubiol.

In Amposta they are made with a mixture of olive oil, flour, eggs, Catalan moscatell and anissette, which is cut in circles. They are stuffed, folded by the middle and closed by pressing softly, often with a fork. They are cooked and covered with sugar.

Pastissets de moniato

Pastissets de carabassa i mel

Buridda is a seafood soup or stew in Italian cuisine from Liguria in northern Italy.[1] Some preparations may be slow-cooked,[2] while others are cooked in a relatively short amount of time (9–10 minutes).[3] It has also been described as a stew,[2] or as similar in texture to a stew.[1][3]

Buridda's primary ingredients include seafood, fish broth, tomato, onion, and garlic.[3] Traditionally, the soup was served with gallette del marinaio (dry, round bread buns), which would be soaked in it.[3] In contemporary times, toasted bread may be used.[3] It may contain several types of fish, and additional seafoods may include eel, squid,[4] clams, or mussels.[3] Simple preparations may be cooked with only dried cod and potato.[4]

Buridda alla Genovese is a variation that is prepared with the same base ingredients, and may also include shrimp and octopus.[5] It has been described as a "traditional dish from Genoa".[5] Buridda is related to bourride, a fish soup of Provence.

Picada (Catalan pronunciation: [piˈkaðə]) is one of the characteristic sauces and culinary techniques essential to Spanish cuisine. The technique is typically found in the Spanish region of Catalonia and Valencia and subsequently Catalan cuisine and Valencian cuisine. It is not an autonomous sauce like mayonnaise or romesco, but it is added as a seasoning during the cooking of a recipe.

Often the preparation of a concoction begins with another essential sauce, like the sofregit, and ends with the final adding of the picada some minutes before the cooking termination. Picada is used to blend and thicken juices, to provide an excellent finishing touch to a multitude of recipes: meats, fish, rice, soups, legumes, vegetables. There are many variants for the rest of ingredients. The most common ones are garlic (so often it is considered almost essential), saffron (considered essential too by many cooks), and / or parsley (yet another regular appearance too). Other possible ingredients used more rarely are cinnamon, cooked liver (of chicken or rabbit), chocolate, cummin, herbs and other spices.

The picada is prepared in the mortar and must contain a basic triad: almond, bread and some liquid. Almonds are toasted and can be replaced by another nut like hazelnut, pinenut, walnut, or some combination of those. Hard, dry bread is crushed in the mortar, that is, toasted or stale, or bread crust, or fried in oil on the pan, or even some sort of sweet biscuit or cookie. The liquid used is usually the cooking juice but stock or hot water can be used as well.

Historically, picada of almonds is documented in Catalan cuisine from its very beginning. It is already present in the oldest medieval treatises. Other neighboring Mediterranean cuisines, as Occitan or Italian ones have essentially similar sauces such as pesto.

This is a list of dishes found in Spanish cuisine.





Açorda is a typical Portuguese dish composed of thinly sliced bread with garlic, lots of finely chopped coriander, olive oil, vinegar, water, white pepper, salt and poached eggs. It is mostly known  in  the Alentejo region and  nationwide too. There are many types of açorda, like those made with shrimp (açorda de marisco or camarão) or codfish (açorda de bacalhau).

The eggs are poached in salted water. Garlic, coriander and salt  are "mashed" into a coarse paste, olive oil and vinegar are added in and then the mixture is poured over the bread. The eggs are then placed over the bread and the water used to poach them, with chicken stock, is poured over. The açorda is then left to steam for a few minutes.  The final dish usually has a bright green flare.

Casinos is a municipality in the comarca of Camp de Túria in the Valencian Community, Spain.

Casinos is a village with a former tradition of production of Sugared almonds, dragées (Peladillas) and Spanish Nougat, Turrón, Torró de Casinos.



Jijona (Spanish: [xiˈxona]) or Xixona (Valencian: [ʃiˈʃona]) is a town and municipality in the Valencian Community on the eastern coast of Spain.

The town is famous for a type of soft nougat, known in Spanish as Turrón de Jijona and in Valencian as Torró de Xixona. This is mostly due to the extensive almond farming that has existed since the Moorish farmers originally cultivated the almond trees following the Islamic conquest of the Iberian peninsula. Several factories produce turrón, which is all distributed for sale in December, although now they are trying to expand it during the other months.

This turron is protected by European Union, through the IGP (Indicación Geográfica Protegida).



The Aragonese cuisine includes several typical dishes and ingredients of the local cuisine of Aragon, a community in Spain.

One of the most characteristic dishes of the traditional gastronomy of Aragon is roast lamb (prepared especially with ewes), known as ternasco. Salted cod imported from other parts of Spain was also traditionally used in some dishes such as in the Albóndigas de bacalao.[1]

Some of the most well-known main ingredients include ham (jamón) from Teruel, olive oil from Empeltre and Arbequina olives, sweet varieties of onion, and unusual vegetables such as borage and cardoon.

Sweet Aragonese specialities are the trenza de Almudevar, the tortas de alma, guirlache (a type of nougat), adoquines, frutas de Aragón (a confit of fruit covered in chocolate) and Españoletas (a kind of local cookie).[2]

Salvitxada (Catalan pronunciation: [səlβiˈtʃaðə]) or salsa de calçots is a Catalan sauce originating in Valls, in Tarragona, which is served almost exclusively with calçots at the calçotades, a traditional local barbecue.

It is similar to romesco sauce with the difference that it is thickened with toast rubbed with fresh garlic, moistened with a little vinegar and pulverized.[1]

Salmorejo is a purée consisting of tomato and bread, originating from Cordoba in Andalucia, south Spain. It is made from tomatoes, bread, oil and garlic.  Normally, the tomatoes are skinned and then puréed with the other ingredients. The purée is served cold and may be garnished with diced Spanish serrano ham and diced hard-boiled eggs.[1]

Salmorejo is more pink-orange in appearance than gazpacho, and is also much thicker and creamier in texture, because it includes more bread.  There are several variations in Andalusia, including ardoria and porra antequerana (with bits of tuna as topping).  

Salmorejo is also the name given to a marinade typical of Canary Islands cuisine. It is used to flavour meat before cooking, especially rabbit (conejo en salmorejo) which is a speciality of the islands. Typical marinade ingredients include salt, garlic, paprika and hot peppers.

Asopao is a stew originating in Puerto Rico.[1][2] Asopao can be made with chicken, pork, beef, shrimp seafood, vegetables, or any combination of the above. Asopao is Puerto Rico's national soup and one of the most important gastronomic recipes in Puerto Rico.[3][4][5]

Versions of asopao are found in many Caribbean locales, including the Dominican Republic, where the addition of chicharrones de pollo (small bits of fried chicken or chicken skin) is characteristic.[1]  It is typically flavored with  bay leaf and oregano, along with sofrito, and rice being the most important part. 

Asopao de gandules is made from pigeon peas, meat and dumplings made from green banana, plantains, root vegetables, squash, annatto, milk, eggs and flour. The dumplings are made into golf size balls and often seasoned with herbs. They are fried before dropped into the soup.[6][7]

Asopao is mentioned in "Caribbean Conspiracy" by Brenda Conrad, about a story that takes place in Puerto Rico which was published in 1942[8] and printed as a weekly series in dozens of U.S. newspapers in 1943.



The bocadillo or bocata, in Spain, is a sandwich made with Spanish bread, usually a baguette or similar type of bread, cut lengthwise. Traditionally seen as a humble food, its low cost has allowed it to evolve over time into an iconic piece of cuisine. In Spain, they are often eaten in cafes and tapas bars.[1]

Some bocadillos are seasoned with sauces like mayonnaise, aioli, ketchup, mustard or tomato sauce. They are usually served with cold beer or red wine, drinks, coffee and a portion of tapas. Different types of bocadillos are available in different parts of Spain, such as the serranito, almussafes and esgarrat.

There is a wide variety of bocadillos in Spain,[2] but the most typical can be pointed out. Bocadillos can also be found in northern Morocco.

Crème brûlée (/ˌkrɛm bruːˈleɪ/; French pronunciation: ​[kʁɛm bʁy.le]), also known as burnt cream, Trinity cream, or crema catalana,[1] is a dessert consisting of a rich custard base topped with a texturally contrasting layer of hardened caramelized sugar. It is normally served slightly chilled; the heat from the caramelizing process tends to warm the custard, producing a cool center.
The custard base is traditionally flavored with vanilla in French cuisine or with cinnamon and lemon in Catalan cuisine, but can have a variety of other flavorings. It is sometimes garnished with fruit.

The earliest known recipe for crème brûlée appears in François Massialot's 1691 cookbook Cuisinier royal et bourgeois.[2][3] The name "burnt cream" was used in the 1702 English translation.[4] In 1740, Massialot referred to a similar recipe as crême à l'Angloise;  'English cream'.

The dish then vanished from French cookbooks until the 1980s.[2]
A version of crème brûlée (known locally as "Trinity Cream" or "Cambridge burnt cream") was introduced at Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1879 with the college arms "impressed on top of the cream with a branding iron".[1]

Crème brûlée was not very common in French and English cookbooks of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.[5] It became extremely popular in the 1980s, "a symbol of that decade's self-indulgence and the darling of the restaurant boom",[6][7] probably popularized by Sirio Maccioni at his New York restaurant Le Cirque. He claimed to have made it "the most famous and by far the most popular dessert in restaurants from Paris to Peoria".[5][8]

Pisto (also known as Pisto manchego) is a Spanish dish originally from the Region of Murcia, Castilla La Mancha and Extremadura. It is made of tomatoes, onions, eggplant or courgettes, green and red peppers and olive oil.[1] It resembles ratatouille and is usually served warm as a starter or to accompany another dish. It is often served with bread, a fried egg on top or with pieces of cured ham. It is also used as the filling for pasties and tartlets (empanadillas).

The dish is sometimes formally named Pisto manchego, from its origins in the historical region of La Mancha (mostly situated in the region of Castilla La Mancha); it's also found in similar versions in Extremadura (pisto extremeño).
Pisto a la Bilbaína, from Bilbao in the (Basque Country), is similar to pisto manchego but usually includes only courgettes and green peppers in tomato sauce, sometimes lightly scrambled with eggs.



Fideuà (dialectal pronunciation of the Valencian word fideuada "large amount of noodles") is a seafood dish originally from the coast of Valencia that is similar to paella, and even more so to arròs a banda, but with noodles instead of rice. Its main ingredients are pasta noodles (usually[dubious  – discuss] hollow), fish (rockfish, monkfish, cuttlefish, squid), and shellfish (Squilla mantis, shrimp, crayfish). It is seasoned mainly with lemon.

The invention of fideuà is attributed to a picturesque story. Gabriel Rodriguez Pastor, (Gabrielo from a kiosk in the port district of Grau in Gandía), worked as a cook on a boat and Juan Bautista Pascual (Zábalo), was the youngest man on the boat and his assistant. According to Gabriel's family, the boat captain loved rice and the rest of sailors almost never received their full portion of arròs a banda, the dish that the cook usually prepared. Trying to find a solution for the problem, the cook had the idea of using noodles instead of rice to see if the result was a little less appetizing for the captain.

The invention was liked, and fame of the dish spread to harbor restaurants such as the "Pastaora House," where they cooked the first "fideuades." The dish became distinctive and essential in the area.

Just like paella, it is cooked in a special wide and flat frying pan, also called paella, although there are other traditional variants made in a casserole.



The Range Rover Velar (/ˈvɛlər/)[3] is a mid-size[2] luxury crossover SUV produced by British automotive company Jaguar Land Rover under their Land Rover marque. The fourth model in the Range Rover line, the Velar was unveiled on 1 March 2017 in London, England. The Velar was released in the summer of 2017.[4] The name Velar had previously been used for a series of pre-production first-generation Range Rovers in 1969.[5]

The Range Rover Velar ushers in a new design language for Land Rover that is influenced by Land Rover's previous design language that began with the  Evoque and most recently was used in the Range Rover Sport. The new design language features smoother lines on the body, and emphasises sportiness and on-road ability, but more important is the new interior design language that begins with the Velar, which will later spread to other Range Rover models. The interior of the Velar is influenced by that of the  I-Pace of 2018 and will features 3 touchscreens, which control most of the interior features of the Velar. The cockpit of the Velar is more driver-focused and the seating position is lower than any other Land Rover before, as sportiness and on-road performance are top priorities.[6]

The Range Rover Velar was first officially revealed in a series of teaser photos on 22 February 2017, and unveiled at an event at the London Design Museum on 1 March 2017.[7] The official launch was at the Geneva Motor Show on 7 March 2017, with it being made available for order shortly after and the first deliveries making it to dealers in the summer of 2017. 



The Range Rover Sport is a British luxury mid-size SUV made by Land Rover. The first generation (codename: L320) started production in 2005, and was replaced by the second generation Sport (codename: L494) in 2013.

The Range Rover Sport was prefigured by the Range Stormer concept car, introduced at the 2004 North American International Auto Show.
This was a low-slung, short wheelbase 3-door coupè that was unusually "sporty" in the context of Land Rover's history.[1] Designed by Richard Woolley, the marque's first complete concept car sported split-folding gullwing doors, one-piece skeletal seats, a "clamshell" hood, 22 inch alloys, a 289 km/h (180 mph) top speed, 4WD and a 2,500 kg (5,512 lb) weight. The Range Rover Sport was comparably of much more conservative design featuring five doors and a wheelbase hardly shorter than that of the Range Rover Vogue.
A replica of the Stormer was built by West Coast Customs of Corona, CA for Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai, on the occasion of opening West Coast Customs Dubai; the car is currently registered under the Dubai Traffic And Road Authority.

The Range Stormer is now on display at the Heritage Motor Centre in Gaydon, Warwickshire, UK.



The Range Rover (L405) is a British full-sized luxury SUV made by Land Rover. It is the fourth generation of Range Rover series.

The vehicle was unveiled at the 2012 Paris Motor Show.[5] Sales of Range Rover began in late 2012.

Early models include a choice of two petrol (5.0-litre 375 PS LR-V8 and 510PS LR-V8 Supercharged) and two diesel (3.0-litre 258PS TDV6 and 4.4-litre 339PS SDV8) engines, all with an eight-speed automatic transmission.[6]



The Jaguar C-X17 is a concept crossover SUV designed by Jaguar Land Rover and unveiled at the 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show.[1] It is the first ever Jaguar crossover SUV.[2]

It was expected that the C-X17 concept would evolve into a production model,[3] and at the 2015 North American International Auto Show it was announced that the production version for 2016 would be called the F-Pace.[4]

The C-X17 features an advanced aluminium monocoque architecture on to which future models will be based on, branded as iQ[Al].[5]

The Ingenium family is a range of modular engines produced by Jaguar Land Rover, in both petrol and diesel variants. It uses a modular architecture making it possible to be produced in 3, 4, 5, and 6 cylinder versions (built around individual 500 cc cylinders), depending on demand and requirements. The engines sourced from Ford were replaced by engines from Jaguar Land Rover's new Ingenium engine line from late 2015.

Ingenium's design is configurable and flexible for longitudinal and transverse architectures and for front, rear, and all-wheel drive, together with auto and manual transmissions. Hybrid variants are set to be released in the future. Both single- and twin-turbo boosting solutions from Mitsubishi and BorgWarner are used. Particular emphasis has been placed on achieving exceptionally low internal friction, which is described as being 17% less than 2.2-L diesel predecessor.[1] "Other details include roller bearings on cam and balancer shafts instead of machined-in bearing surfaces, computer-controlled variable oil and water pumps, a split circuit cooling system enabling fast warm ups, a simplified cam drive system, crankshafts that are offset from the centre of the block and electronically controlled piston cooling jets to improve efficiency in the oil pumping circuit."[2]

In 2017 Jaguar Land Rover licensed the Multiair/UniAir electrohydraulic variable valve lift system[3] from Schaeffler Group, which Schaeffler in turn licensed from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in 2001.[4] The system, developed by Fiat Powertrain Technologies, is a hydraulically-actuated variable valve timing (VVT) technology enabling "cylinder by cylinder, stroke by stroke" control of intake air directly via a gasoline engine's inlet valves.[5]

In February 2019, Jaguar Land Rover announced their long-rumoured inline-6 engine. Instead of being a conventional engine, the new 3.0L petrol inline-6 motor combines with a 48 volt electric architecture to enable an electric supercharger, belt-starter generator and extended engine shut offs while coasting and/or while stopped in traffic. The new engine is initially being offered in the Range Rover Sport in two power outputs, 360 PS (265 kW; 355 hp) and 400 PS (294 kW; 395 hp). Both are considered to be mild hybrid electric vehicles. The 48 volt electrical architecture JLR announced with this new engine is  similar to Mercedes-Benz's "EQ Boost" and Audi's 48V systems available in 2019.



The Land Rover DC100 (Defender Concept 100") is an off-road concept vehicle from Land Rover originally intended to demonstrate what the vehicle that will replace the long-running Defender in 2020 will look like. The DC100 was first unveiled to the public in September 2011 at the Frankfurt Motor Show.[1]

Land Rover announced two versions at Frankfurt, a three-door estate off road car powered by a diesel engine and a more leisure orientated two-door sport version with no roof powered by a petrol engine. .[2]

The design was led by Gerry McGovern, director of design for Land Rover.[3]



The Lion V-engine was first developed as a V6 with a clean-sheet architecture by Ford in the UK for its then subsidiaries Jaguar Cars and Land Rover and for its partner PSA Peugeot Citroën working under the Gemini joint development and production agreement. In Jaguar Cars and Land Rover vehicles it is known as the AJD-V6 and DT17/20 by PSA. The engines share the same bore/stroke ratio, with the V6 displacing 2.7 L (2,720 cc) and the V8 displacing 3.6 L (3,630 cc). The V6 was launched in 2004 and as of 2011 also serves in Ford Australia's Territory SUV; the V8 in 2006. The V6 engine meets the Euro IV emissions standards. A 3.0 L (2,993 cc) was added in 2009 and is based on the 2.7 L (2,720 cc). The V6 is used across many vehicles, from the Citroen C5, C6, to the Land Rover Discovery, Range Rover, Freelander, and also the Jaguar range.

The engine family utilises twin overhead camshafts and multi-valves, single or twin-turbochargers with an air-to-air intercooler, and innovative compacted graphite iron (CGI) block construction that leads to a low weight of 202 kg (445 lb) dry. Fuel supply is high-pressure common rail direct injection.

To improve the engine's low-speed torque range for off-roading and towing applications, the Land Rover variant utilised a large capacity single-turbocharger, rather than use the twin-turbo design; in addition the engine is fitted with a large engine driven cooling fan to support low speed, high load driving as may be encountered in desert conditions. Furthermore, the Land Rover variant of the Lion V6 includes a deeper, high capacity sump with improved baffles to maintain oil pressure at off-roading extreme angles and multi-layered seals to keep dust, mud and water at bay and different transmission bell housing bolt pattern. The Lion V6 – constructed from compacted graphite iron[1] – is a member of the Ford Duratorq family and is produced at Ford's Dagenham engine plant; 35,000 engines were produced from April to December 2004.

The Ford Iosis is a four-door, four-seat saloon concept car developed by Ford Europe. It first was shown to the public at the 2005 Frankfurt Motor Show. Along with the Ford SAV (shown earlier that year at the Geneva Auto Show), it was designed to showcase the dynamic new design, the Ford Kinetic Design, direction Ford intends to pursue for the European market.[1]

The shape of the concept car has been said to resemble an Aston Martin, featuring clean angles, a sharply sloped windscreen and large wheels. The third generation of Ford Mondeo, which went to production in 2007, bore much resemblance to the Iosis.[citation needed]

The Iosis-MAX is a concept car.

It is a vision for Ford's next generation compact multi-activity vehicle (MAV), and hints at the design direction of Ford's next global C-cars. It features the Ford Kinetic Design using lightweight materials and advanced aerodynamics.[1] Key aerodynamic features were the rear door pillars, the rear wing design, and active front cooling ducts in the main trapezoidal grille which are blanked off when not needed.[2]



The Land Rover Range Rover Evoque (commonly known as the Range Rover Evoque) is a series of subcompact luxury crossover SUVs produced by the British manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover, a subsidiary of Tata Motors, under their Land Rover marque. The original Evoque was a development of the Land Rover LRX concept vehicle, which was unveiled at the North American International Auto Show in January 2008.[1] The first generation Evoque was produced from July 2011 until 2018 in three- and five-door versions, with both two-wheel and four-wheel drive. The second generation car started production in 2018 by  Range Rover.

The size of the LRX concept vehicle complemented a wide array of efficiency-improving technologies in the form of Land Rover's e_Terrain technologies. These included biofuel compatibility, lightweight construction materials, and technologies such as the removable carbon composite roof panels, regenerative brakes, a stop-start system, and the ERAD (electric rear axle drive) parallel hybrid powertrain system.[5]

The ERAD system could propel the LRX to speeds up to 20 mph (32 km/h) before the engine was started by an integrated starter generator as part of the stop-start system. ERAD was designed to reduce CO2 emissions by an average of 20% under the NEDC test cycle and was expected to offer another 10%  reduction in extra-urban driving situations while also optimising the off-road ability of the vehicle. Land Rover aimed to achieve 120 g/km CO2 emissions and fuel economy of 60 mpg‑imp (4.7 L/100 km; 50 mpg‑US) on the European combined cycle with an efficient 2.2-litre turbodiesel engine.[6]  The engine would become the only four-cylinder vehicle in the Range Rover lineup.



The Ford Fiesta is a supermini marketed by Ford since 1976 over seven generations. It has been manufactured in the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, Australia, Chile, Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela, Mexico, Taiwan, China, India, Thailand, and South Africa.

In 2008, the sixth generation Fiesta (Mark VI) was introduced worldwide, making it the first Fiesta model to be sold in North America since the Fiesta Mark I was discontinued at the end of 1980.

Ford has sold over 16 million Fiestas since 1976,[1][2][3] making it one of the best selling Ford marques behind the Escort and the F-Series.

The Volkswagen Arteon is a four-door fastback based on the Volkswagen Group MQB platform.[1] The Arteon was unveiled on 6 March 2017, at the Geneva Motor Show, and at the Chicago Auto Show for the market in North America.[2][3] The Arteon is a direct successor to the CC. Volkswagen claims that the Arteon will be more upmarket than the previous model.[4][5]

Six engines are currently offered in the Arteon when it was launched in Europe.[8]

In North America, the Arteon is offered in only one engine.[9] The North American release Arteon will have an eight speed automatic transmission, turbocharged 2.0 litre engine that will produce 268 hp (200 kW) and 258 lb⋅ft (350 N⋅m) of torque.[10]

The Arteon will be equipped with a new digital cockpit, which replaces the main instrument panel with a configurable display, on SEL and Executive trims.[13]



The Range Rover Sport is a British luxury mid-size SUV made by Land Rover. The first generation (codename: L320) started production in 2005, and was replaced by the second generation Sport (codename: L494) in 2013.

The Range Rover Sport was prefigured by the Range Stormer concept car, introduced at the 2004 North American International Auto Show.
This was a low-slung, short wheelbase 3-door coupè that was unusually "sporty" in the context of Land Rover's history.[1] Designed by Richard Woolley, the marque's first complete concept car sported split-folding gullwing doors, one-piece skeletal seats, a "clamshell" hood, 22 inch alloys, a 289 km/h (180 mph) top speed, 4WD and a 2,500 kg (5,512 lb) weight. The Range Rover Sport was comparably of much more conservative design featuring five doors and a wheelbase hardly shorter than that of the Range Rover Vogue.
A replica of the Stormer was built by West Coast Customs of Corona, CA for Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai, on the occasion of opening West Coast Customs Dubai; the car is currently registered under the Dubai Traffic And Road Authority.

The Range Stormer is now on display at the Heritage Motor Centre in Gaydon, Warwickshire, UK.



The MG F and MG TF are mid-engined, rear wheel drive roadster cars that were sold under the MG marque by three manufacturers between 1995 and 2011. 

The MG F was the first new model designed as an MG since the MGB that was produced from 1962 to 1980, the marque spent the 1980s being used to denote performance models from then parent Austin Rover Group, and was briefly seen on the MG RV8, a limited edition relaunch of the MG MGB which was sold between 1993 and 1995. 

The MG F was initially designed by Rover Group during the period it was owned by British Aerospace and was brought to market after the business had been sold to the German car manufacturer BMW. The BMW owned Rover Group manufactured the model from 1995 to 2000. BMW broke up Rover Group in 2000, divesting the Rover and MG passenger car businesses to a management buy-out who formed the independent MG Rover business. MG Rover manufactured the MG F from 2000 onwards, heavily updating it to become the MG TF in 2002. 

The Renault Egeus was a concept mid-size luxury crossover SUV presented at the 2005 Frankfurt Motor Show developed by Renault. It was described as an upmarket 4WD crossover SUV. The Renault Egeus is then succeeded by the Renault Initiale Paris and the Renault Ondelios.[1]

The engine is a 3.0 L V6 with 250 hp (186 kW) and a 7-step automatic transmission.

The Ford DEW platform (or DEW98) was Ford Motor Company's midsized rear-wheel drive automobile platform.  The D/E nomenclature was meant to express an intermediate size between D- and E-class vehicles, while the W denoted a worldwide platform. The platform was developed by both Ford and Jaguar engineers, and debuted in the Lincoln LS sedan.[1][2]  Its de facto predecessor in Europe was the DE-1 platform which underpinned the 1985 Ford Scorpio, however this vehicle was cancelled in 1998 without a direct replacement as in the European market, buyers were increasingly turning away from executive class cars manufactured by mainstream manufacturers.

Ford's use of the platform ended in 2006, but Jaguar continued to use DEW98 after Jaguar was sold to Tata Motors in 2008, building the XF on it. Jaguar's use of the platform ended in 2015 with the introduction of the second-generation XF using the Jaguar Land Rover iQ[Al] (D7a) modular platform.[3]

This platform was used in these vehicles:

Cancelled vehicles that were to use this platform:

The Renault Eolab is a concept car plug-in hybrid designed by the French car manufacturer Renault. It was unveiled to the press in September 2014, prior to its formal unveiling at the Paris Motor Show.[1]

The supermini sized Eolab hybrid demonstrates nearly 100 production-destined technological innovations, which will appear on future models by 2020. It is powered by a 1.0-litre, I3 petrol engine producing 76 PS (56 kW; 75 bhp), paired with a 54 PS (40 kW; 53 bhp) ‘axial flux discoid’ electric motor located in the clutch casing. All power is delivered to the front wheels via a three-speed gearbox. A small 6.7kWh lithium ion battery pack is attached to the system, providing 65 kilometers (40 mi) on electric power .

The Eolab features two driving modes: weekday, which emphasises low emissions, and an alternative ‘weekend’ mode uses both power units together to greater performance and range. The resulting CO2 emissions are a low at 22 g/km.[2]

To keep the car's kerb weight down to 995 kg (2,194 lb), (400 kg (880 lb) less than the equivalent production Clio), the body is constructed from a combination of steel, aluminium and composites, with the roof entirely of magnesium. The car also incorporates three ride-height levels which lowers the car and reduced drag, working in conjunction with active aero on the wheel trims (on narrow 145 mm tyres) and spoilers reduce the drag coefficient to 0.235 Cd.[3]



The Jaguar B99 was a concept car designed and developed by the Italian design house Bertone. It was first shown to the public on the Bertone stand at the 2011 Geneva Motor Show. The 4-door saloon was shown in two versions: compact executive (B99) and grand tourer (B99 GT). It was designed by Bertone's Michael Robinson and Adrian Griffiths[1] and was based more on traditional Jaguars of the Geoff Lawson era compared to more recent Jaguars designed by Ian Callum.[2]

The B99 was a 4,500 mm (177.2 in) long 4-door saloon with 4 seats constructed of aluminium panels[3] and featured suicide doors. It was only 1,350 mm (53.1 in) high and 1,950 mm (76.8 in) wide and stood on a 2,800 mm (110.2 in) wheelbase.

The power train was also developed by Bertone as a hybrid; featuring a 1.4 L engine for range extension purposes with two electric motors of 201 bhp (150 kW; 204 PS) each driving  the rear wheels. The car’s maximum output of engine and electric motors is 570 bhp (425 kW; 578 PS). Average CO2 emissions were estimated at 30g/km with a claimed 60 mile range electric-only mode.

The Infiniti Q30 is a subcompact executive hatchback built and sold by Nissan's Infiniti luxury brand from 2016.  The Q30 is built on the third-generation Mercedes-Benz A-Class platform to create a small, premium hatchback. The Q30 is a result of the Nissan and Mercedes partnership agreement to share technology.[4] It ceased production in the UK in mid-2019.[1]

The concept car was unveiled in September 2013, at the Frankfurt Motor Show.[5][6]

The production version of Q30 is based on the Q30 Concept, built on the third-generation A-Class's platform.

The vehicle was unveiled at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.

The Jaguar E-Pace (codename X540) is a subcompact luxury crossover SUV produced by the British car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover (JLR). It was officially revealed on 13 July 2017 and was the 2nd production Jaguar SUV.[1]

The car is built in Graz, Austria, by Magna Steyr and from 2018 is also scheduled to be built by Chery Jaguar Land Rover, JLR's joint venture with partner Chery, in Changshu, China.[2][1]

Rear

Jaguar E-Pace R-Dynamic



The MG7 is a mid-size sports sedan that was built by British car manufacturer MG Motor, derived from its predecessors, Rover 75 and MG ZT. Production started in March 2007.[1] The MG7 received praise from British car magazine Auto Express, who test drove it in May 2008, although it has not officially been sold in the United Kingdom.[2]

The MG7 came in two variants, the first which resembles the Mark I MG ZT, with twin front lights, and the second which resembles the Mark II Rover 75 V8. A long wheelbase version, called the MG7L, features the deeper radiator grille of the Rover 75 V8.[3]

The MG7 came in two trim levels: 'Classic' which features a slatted grille, and 'Sport' with a mesh grille. The look of the 7 has changed very little from the ZT and 75;[citation needed] the only noticeable difference is freshly designed LED rear light clusters, and new alloy wheels. Also the car features new audio and heating systems, as well as a new sunroof system. 



The Jaguar XE is a rear or all-wheel drive, front-engine, four-door compact executive car manufactured and marketed by Jaguar Land Rover, designed by Ian Callum and launched at the October 2014 Paris Motor Show.  XE production began in April 2015[3][4] under the internal designation X760.[5]

The XE is noted for its aluminium suspension componentry as well as its bonded and riveted aluminium unitary structure — the first in its segment.[6][7]

The XE was announced, but not displayed, at the 2014 Geneva Motor Show[3] and debuted globally on 8 September 2014 in London.[8][9] Sales were expected to begin globally in 2015, followed by the United States in 2016.[10] Production formally commenced on 13 April 2015 at Jaguar Land Rover's Solihull plant.[4]



The Aston Martin DB7 is a grand tourer which was produced by British luxury automobile manufacturer Aston Martin from September 1994 to December 2004. The car was available either as a coupé or a convertible. The prototype was complete by November 1992 and debuted at the Geneva Motor Show in March, 1993; the car was designed by Ian Callum and Keith Helfet. The six-cylinder DB7 (based on the Jaguar AJ6 engine) was positioned as an "entry-level" model below the hand-built V8 Virage introduced a few years earlier. This model was the highest produced Aston Martin automobile ever, with more than 7,000 built before it was replaced by the DB9 in 2004.

The DB7, known internally as the XX project, was made mostly with resources from Jaguar Cars and had the financial backing of the Ford Motor Company, owner of Aston Martin from 1988 to 2007. The DB7's platform is an evolution of the Jaguar XJS platform, though with many changes.

The DB7 began life as a successor to the Jaguar XJS envisioned by Tom Walkinshaw of TWR. Walkinshaw had been impressed by the XJS' potential after driving it in the European Touring Car Championship in the late 1970s and early 1980s and wanted to re-body the car so it would have more modern styling. He initially wanted to engage Peter Stevens to design such a car but he refused due to his on going projects as the time. Walkinshaw then engaged Ian Callum, who was new in the car design work at the time, to design the car.

The Citroën Hypnos is a concept mid-size luxury crossover produced by Citroën at the 2008 Paris Motor Show. It has a 5-door SUV body style and is powered by a diesel hybrid drivetrain with a rear axle-mounted electric motor. The car's most distinctive design feature is its interior, with rainbow-coloured, offset seats, and a system which analyzes the driver's face to gauge his state of mind and adjust the cabin lighting and scented air freshener fragrance in consequence.[1][2]

Citroën announced that diesel-hybrid engine would be available in all models by 2015.[3]

The concept car has appeared in several auto shows, including the 2011 Goodwood Festival of Speed.[4]

Some of the styling features of this car later appeared in the Mitsubishi ASX-based Citroën C4 Aircross compact SUV, available from the first half of 2012, as well as the Citroën DS4 and DS5.



4,971 mm (195.7 in) (2005–2009)

1,902 mm (74.9 in) (2005–2009)

The Range Rover (L322) (usually known simply as the "Range Rover") is the third-generation Range Rover model from British car maker Land Rover and was originally developed under the codename 'L30'.

The Infiniti QX30 is a subcompact luxury crossover SUV manufactured and sold by Nissan's Infiniti luxury brand from 2016. Based on the Q30, it offers increased ride height. It ceased production in mid-2019.[1]

It includes twenty one inch wheels, large tyres, and increased blackout around the wheel opening, with a satin chrome front bumper.[5]

The vehicle was unveiled at the Geneva International Motor Show,[6] followed by the 2015 New York International Auto Show.[7][8][9]

Based on the first-generation Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class, it includes redesigned front and rear bumpers, grained side sills, as well as bodywork finished with satin chrome plated inserts with metallic finish along with an increased ride height. The vehicle was unveiled at the 2015 Los Angeles Motor Show, and the 2015 Auto Guangzhou,[10][11][12] followed by the 2016 Geneva Motor Show.[13]



The Jaguar F-Pace (codename X761) is a compact luxury crossover SUV made by British car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover under their Jaguar marque, the first model to be built by Jaguar in the crossover SUV class. It was formally announced at the 2015 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, with sales commencing in 2016 following an unveiling at the International Motor Show Germany in Frankfurt in September 2015.[4] The design of the F-Pace is based on the 2013 Jaguar C-X17 concept car.[5] The 2017 Jaguar F-PACE has been named the honorary winner of the 2017 World Car of the Year and World Car Design of the Year Awards at the New York International Auto Show.[6]

The F-Pace is built at Jaguar Land Rover's Solihull plant along with the Jaguar XE and employs an additional 1,300 workers.[5]

An F-Pace production prototype made its public debut on 4 July 2015, by leading out the Team Sky professional cycle racing team during Le Grand Départ in Utrecht, Netherlands at the start of the 2015 Tour de France. The car made its official public début at the September 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.[7] Ahead of the Frankfurt Motor Show, an F-Pace, driven by professional stunt driver Terry Grant, performed a world-record-breaking 360 degree loop-the-loop.[8] Customer deliveries started in April 2016 in Europe and in May 2016 in the United States.



The Aston Martin Virage is an automobile produced by British luxury automobile manufacturer Aston Martin as a replacement for its V8 models. Introduced at the Birmingham Motor Show in 1988,[2] it was joined by the high-performance Vantage in 1993, and then the name of the base model was changed to V8 Coupé in 1996.

The V8-powered model was intended as the company's flagship model, with the 6-cylinder DB7, introduced in 1994, positioned below it as an entry-level model. Although the DB7 became available with a V12 engine and claimed a performance advantage, the Virage remained the exclusive, expensive and hand-built flagship of the Aston Martin range. It was replaced in 2000 with the Vanquish. By the end of the 2000 model year, 1,050 cars in total had been produced. The V8 Vantage name reappeared on a new entry-level model in 2005.

A new Virage model was introduced at the 2011 Geneva Motor Show, to fit into the middle of Aston Martin's then current lineup but was discontinued in 2012 due to many similarities between the brand's other models.



The Alpine A110 is a rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive sports car introduced by French car manufacturer Alpine at the 87th Geneva International Motor Show in March 2017.[1]

Deliveries began in late 2017 for Continental European markets and in 2018 for the UK, Japan and Australia.[1][3] Both in name and design, the new A110 harkens back to the original Alpine A110 produced from 1961 to 1977.

Based on an all-aluminium construction, the A110 is powered by a 1.8-litre turbocharged gasoline direct injection 4 valves per cylinder inline-four engine mated to 7-speed dual clutch automatic transmission manufactured by Getrag. Developed by Renault–Nissan and reworked by Alpine engineers, the engine has an output of 252 PS (185 kW; 249 hp) at 6,000 rpm and 320 N⋅m (236 lb⋅ft) of torque at 2,000–5,000 rpm. According to Alpine, the A110 can accelerate from 0 to 100 km/h (0 to 62 mph) in 4.5 seconds, and has an electronically limited top speed of 250 km/h (155 mph).[1]

The Infiniti Q70 and Q70L are a line of mid-size luxury (executive) cars from Nissan luxury division Infiniti. It's essentially an update to the Infiniti M series with minor cosmetic changes. The Q70 name was brought about to reflect Infiniti's updated nomenclature where all model names start with the letter 'Q'.

The Chinese model went on sale in 2012.[2]

In 2013, the entire Infiniti line was renamed, with the M sedans becoming the Q70; this reflected the model's relative position in the Infiniti lineup, rather than the engine displacement as had previously been used.[3]

US models went on sale in 2014 model year vehicles. Early models included 3.7, 3.7 AWD, 5.6, 5.6 AWD, Hybrid.[4]



The Range Rover Velar (/ˈvɛlər/)[3] is a mid-size[2] luxury crossover SUV produced by British automotive company Jaguar Land Rover under their Land Rover marque. The fourth model in the Range Rover line, the Velar was unveiled on 1 March 2017 in London, England. The Velar was released in the summer of 2017.[4] The name Velar had previously been used for a series of pre-production first-generation Range Rovers in 1969.[5]

The Range Rover Velar ushers in a new design language for Land Rover that is influenced by Land Rover's previous design language that began with the  Evoque and most recently was used in the Range Rover Sport. The new design language features smoother lines on the body, and emphasises sportiness and on-road ability, but more important is the new interior design language that begins with the Velar, which will later spread to other Range Rover models. The interior of the Velar is influenced by that of the  I-Pace of 2018 and will features 3 touchscreens, which control most of the interior features of the Velar. The cockpit of the Velar is more driver-focused and the seating position is lower than any other Land Rover before, as sportiness and on-road performance are top priorities.[6]

The Range Rover Velar was first officially revealed in a series of teaser photos on 22 February 2017, and unveiled at an event at the London Design Museum on 1 March 2017.[7] The official launch was at the Geneva Motor Show on 7 March 2017, with it being made available for order shortly after and the first deliveries making it to dealers in the summer of 2017. 





French fries, or simply fries (North American English), chips (British and Commonwealth English, Hiberno-English),[1] finger chips (Indian English)[2], or french-fried potatoes, are batonnet or allumette-cut deep-fried potatoes.

French fries are served hot, either soft or crispy, and are generally eaten as part of lunch or dinner or by themselves as a snack, and they commonly appear on the menus of diners, fast food restaurants, pubs, and bars. They are usually salted and, depending on the country, may be served with ketchup, vinegar, mayonnaise, tomato sauce, or other local specialties. Fries can be topped more heavily, as in the dishes of poutine or chili cheese fries. Chips can be made from kumara or other sweet potatoes instead of potatoes. A baked variant, oven chips, uses less oil or no oil.[3] One very common fast food dish is fish and chips.

Ketchup is a table sauce. Although original recipes used egg whites, mushrooms, oysters, grapes, mussels, or walnuts, among other ingredients,[1][2] the unmodified modern recipe refers to tomato ketchup.[3]

Tomato ketchup is a sweet and tangy sauce made from tomatoes, sugar, and vinegar, with seasonings and spices. The spices and flavors vary, but commonly include onions, allspice, coriander, cloves, cumin, garlic, and mustard, and sometimes include celery, cinnamon, or ginger.[4]

The market leader in the United States (60% market share) and United Kingdom (82%) is Heinz.[5][6] In some of the UK, ketchup is also known as "tomato sauce" (a term that means a fresher pasta sauce elsewhere) or "red sauce" (especially in Wales).

Tomato ketchup is most often used as a condiment to dishes that are usually served hot and may be fried or greasy: french fries, hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken tenders, tater tots, hot sandwiches, meat pies, cooked eggs, and grilled or fried meat. Ketchup is sometimes used as the basis for, or as one ingredient in, other sauces and dressings, and the flavor may be replicated as an additive flavoring for snacks, such as potato chips.

A chicken sandwich is a sandwich that typically consists of boneless, skinless chicken breast served between slices of bread, with pickles, on a bun, or on a roll. Variations on the "chicken sandwich" include the chicken burger or chicken on a bun, hot chicken, and chicken salad sandwich.

In North America, the sandwich usually consists of a chicken filet or patty, toppings and bread. The chicken meat can be deep fried, grilled, roasted or boiled, served hot or cold, and white or dark meat chicken can be used. Shredded chicken in one form or another, such as chicken salad, can also be used in chicken sandwiches. Another form is made with cold cuts. Wrap versions of the sandwich can also be made, in which the ingredients are rolled up inside a flatbread, such as a tortilla. Open-faced versions of the sandwich, which feature hot chicken served with gravy on top of bread, are also common variations.

Some establishments serving hamburgers also serve chicken sandwiches, giving customers an alternative to beef. Such a sandwich may also be called "chicken on a bun"[1] or "chicken burger" in Australia or the UK,[2] and is served on a hamburger bun with similar condiments and toppings as found on hamburgers.[3] While most chicken sandwiches in this context usually use fried or grilled chicken breasts, a chicken burger may also be made of a grilled or fried patty of ground chicken.[4]

Chick-fil-A claims that it invented the fried chicken sandwich in the 1940s. This claim is unsubstantiated, though the Chick-fil-A southern-style chicken sandwich (served with pickles on a steamed roll), introduced on March 21, 1964, was most likely the first chicken sandwich introduced by a fast food restaurant chain.[5] Other notable vendors of chicken sandwiches include KFC and Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen. Today, most major fast food, fast casual and casual dining chains feature some sort of chicken sandwich, even at restaurants where chicken is not a specialty.





A hamburger (also burger for short) is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat, usually beef, placed inside a sliced bread roll or bun. The patty may be pan fried, grilled, smoked[1] or flame broiled. Hamburgers are often served with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, bacon, or chiles; condiments such as ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise, relish, or "special sauce"; and are frequently placed on sesame seed buns. A hamburger topped with cheese is called a cheeseburger.[2]

The term "burger" can also be applied to the meat patty on its own, especially in the United Kingdom, where the term "patty" is rarely used, or the term can even refer simply to ground beef. Since the term hamburger usually implies beef, for clarity "burger" may be prefixed with the type of meat or meat substitute used, as in beef burger, turkey burger, bison burger, or veggie burger.



Ground beef, minced beef or beef mince is beef that has been finely chopped with a knife or a meat grinder (American English) or mincing machine (British English). It is used in many recipes including hamburgers and spaghetti Bolognese.

It is not the same as mincemeat, which is a mixture of chopped dried fruit, distilled spirits, spices and historically (but nowadays rare) minced/ground meat.

In many countries, food laws define specific categories of ground beef and what they can contain. For example, in the United States, beef fat may be added to hamburger but not to ground beef if the meat is ground and packaged at a USDA-inspected plant.[note 1] In the U.S., a maximum of 30% fat by weight is allowed in either hamburger or ground beef. The allowable amount in France is 5 to 20% (15% being used by most food chains). In Germany, regular ground beef may contain up to 15% fat while the special "Tatar" for steak tartare may contain less than 5% fat. Both hamburger and ground beef can have added seasoning, phosphate, extenders, or binders added; but no additional water is permitted. Ground beef is often marketed in a range of different fat contents to match the preferences of customers.



Chicken is the most common type of poultry in the world.[1] Owing to the relative ease and low cost of raising them in comparison to animals such as cattle or hogs, chickens have become prevalent throughout the cuisine of cultures around the world, and their meat has been variously adapted to regional tastes.

Chicken can be prepared in a vast range of ways, including baking, grilling, barbecuing, frying, and boiling, among many others, depending on its purpose. Since the latter half of the 20th century, prepared chicken has become a staple of fast food. Chicken is sometimes cited as being more healthful than red meat, with lower concentrations of cholesterol and saturated fat.[2]

The poultry farming industry that accounts for chicken production takes on a range of forms across different parts of the world. In developed countries, chickens are typically subject to intensive farming methods, while less-developed areas raise chickens using more traditional farming techniques. The United Nations estimates there to be 19 billion chickens on Earth today, making them outnumber humans more than two to one.[3]

Fritessaus or frietsaus ("fries sauce") is a Dutch accompaniment to French fries, served popularly nationwide.[1] It is similar to mayonnaise, but with at most 25% fat, is leaner and usually sweeter than mayonnaise.[2] Mayonnaise in the Netherlands is required by the Warenwet (Wares law) of 1998 to contain at least 70% fat and at least 5% egg yolk before it may be called mayonnaise.[3]

Though it is usually bought pre-made, frietsaus can be produced at home in a process similar to that which is used to make mayonnaise. It is usually thinned with water or other suitable liquids.

Most recipes use lime juice. Chives and capers are common additions.[citation needed]



An onion ring is a form of appetizer or side dish commonly found in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, and some parts of Asia, mainland Europe, and Latin America. They generally consist of a cross-sectional "ring" of onion (the circular structure of which lends itself well to this method of preparation) dipped in batter or bread crumbs and then deep fried; a variant is made with onion paste. While typically served as a side dish, onion rings are often eaten by themselves. The cooking process decomposes propanethial oxide in the onion into the sweet-smelling and tasting bispropenyl disulfide, responsible for the slightly sweet taste of onion rings.

The exact origins of deep-fried onion rings are unknown, but a recipe for onions that are dipped in milk then dredged in flour and deep-fried, appeared in a 1933 advertisement for Crisco in The New York Times Magazine.[1]

A recipe for French Fried Onions may have appeared in the Middletown, New York Daily Times on 13 January 1910. It does not claim to be the originator of the recipe.[2]

One claimant to the invention of the onion ring is the Kirby's Pig Stand restaurant chain, founded in Oak Cliff, Texas, in the early 1920s. The once-thriving chain, whose heyday in the 1940s saw over 100 locations across the United States, also claims to be the originator of Texas toast.[3]

Hachée (Dutch pronunciation: [ɦɑˈʃeː][1]) is a traditional Dutch stew based on diced meat, fish or poultry, and vegetables. Hachee based on beef, onions, apple butter, breakfast bread and acid (usually vinegar or wine) is a typical example of traditional Dutch cuisine. Clove and bay leaves are added to the thick gravy. It is usually served with potatoes or rice. Dutch people may occasionally combine Hachee with hutspot.

The word hachée in French means chopped or ground, being the past participle of the verb hacher -- to chop or grind. Hachées have been described in Medieval buffets, although the exact recipe usually is not described. The stew probably has its origin in the reuse of meat cooked in a Dutch oven together with vegetables that happened to be available. Wine or vinegar were added to make the meat more tender.[2]



Turkey meat, commonly referred to as just turkey, is the meat from turkeys, typically domesticated turkeys but also wild turkeys. It is a popular poultry dish, especially in North America, where it is traditionally consumed as part of culturally significant events such as Thanksgiving and Christmas, as well as in standard cuisine. In some rural parts of Newfoundland Canada, there is a deli meat referred to as "Turkey Roll", commonly consumed by children. 

Turkeys are sold sliced and ground, as well as "whole" in a manner similar to  chicken with the head, feet, and feathers removed. Frozen whole turkeys remain popular. Sliced turkey is frequently used as a sandwich meat or served as cold cuts; in some cases where recipes call for chicken, it can be used as a substitute. Ground turkey is sold, and frequently marketed as a healthy alternative to ground beef. Without careful preparation, cooked turkey is usually considered to end up less moist than other poultry meats such as chicken or duck.

Wild turkeys, while technically the same species as domesticated turkeys, have a very different taste from farm-raised turkeys. Almost all of the meat is "dark" (including the breast) with a more intense flavor. The flavor can also vary seasonally with changes in available forage, often leaving wild turkey meat with a gamier flavor in late summer, due to the greater number of insects in its diet over the preceding months. Wild turkey that has fed predominantly on grass and grain has a milder flavor. Older heritage breeds also differ in flavor.[1]

A large amount of turkey meat is processed. It can be smoked, and as such, is sometimes sold as turkey ham or turkey bacon, which is considered to be far healthier[citation needed] than pork bacon. Twisted helices of deep-fried turkey meat, sold as "turkey twizzlers", came to prominence in the UK in 2004 when chef Jamie Oliver campaigned to have them and similar foods removed from school dinners.



Deep frying (also referred to as deep fat frying) is a cooking method in which food is submerged in hot fat, most commonly oil, as opposed to the shallow oil used in conventional frying done in a frying pan. Normally, a deep fryer or chip pan is used for this; industrially, a pressure fryer or vacuum fryer may be used. Deep frying may also be performed using oil that is heated in a pot. Deep frying is classified as hot-fat cooking method.[1][2] Typically, deep frying foods cook quickly: all sides of a food are cooked simultaneously as oil has a high rate of heat conduction.[3]

The term "deep frying" and many modern deep-fried foods were not invented until the 19th century, but the practice has been around for millennia. Early records and cookbooks suggest that the practice began in certain European countries before other countries adopted the practice.

Deep frying is popular worldwide, with deep-fried foods accounting for a large portion of global caloric consumption. Many foods are deep-fried and cultures surrounding deep frying have developed, most notably in the Southern United States and the United Kingdom, where many events and records are held relating to deep frying food and non-edible items.

Potato wedges are wedges of potatoes, often large and unpeeled, that are either baked or fried. They are sold at diners and fast food restaurants. In Australia, potato wedges are a common bar food, that are almost always served with sour cream and sweet chilli sauce. They are not considered French fries. One may also use ketchup, ranch, and honey mustard. They are usually seasoned with a variety of spices, commonly paprika, salt and pepper.

When compared to steak-cut chips (UK), fries (US and global), roasted potatoes or crinkle-cut chips (UK), a wedge could be defined as having distinct corners when viewed as a cross-section perpendicular to the normal- a centreline running along the length of the cut potato form. This can be viewed as a triangular section, should there be 4 corners it would commonly be referred to as just a chip/fries.



Ground meat, called mince or minced meat outside of North America (i.e. in U.K. and Commonwealth countries), and keema or qeema (Hindustani: क़ीमा (Devanagari), قیمہ (Nastaleeq), (pronounced [ˈqiːmaː])) in the Indian subcontinent, is meat finely chopped by a meat grinder or a chopping knife. A common type of ground meat is ground beef, but many other types of meats are prepared in a similar fashion, including pork, lamb, and poultry. In the Indian subcontinent, both mutton and goat meat are also minced to produce keema.

Ground meat is used in a wide variety of dishes, by itself, or mixed with other ingredients. It may be formed into meatballs which are then fried, baked, steamed, or braised. They may be cooked on a skewer to produce dishes such as kabab koobideh, adana kebabı and ćevapi. It may be formed into patties which are then grilled or fried (hamburger), breaded and fried (menchi-katsu, Pozharsky cutlet), or braised (Salisbury steak). It may be formed into meatloaves or pâtés and baked. It may also be used as a filling or stuffing for meat pies and böreks, and also as stuffing. It may be made into meat sauce such as ragù, which in turn is used in dishes like pastitsio and moussaka, or mixed with sauce and served on a bun as a sloppy joe sandwich. It may also be cooked with beans, tomatoes, and/or spices to make chili con carne.

Keema or qeema is used in a variety of dishes such as a stewed or fried curry dish of minced beef, mutton (i.e., goat meat or chevon) or other kinds of meat with green peas or potatoes. It usually includes ghee/butter, onions, garlic, ginger, chilis, and spices. Keema can be grilled on a skewer, and called seekh kebab, or used as a filling for samosas or naan.

The word ultimately comes from the Turkic word qıyma meaning 'minced meat', and is thus related to the Persian qeyme, Turkish kıyma, and Greek kimás.[1][2]

Cheese fries or cheesy chips (latter British English) are a fast-food dish, consisting of french fries covered in cheese with the possible addition of various other toppings. Cheese fries are generally served as a lunch- or dinner-time meal. They can be found in fast-food locations, diners, and grills around the globe.

The dish originated in the United States,[citation needed] although its exact birthplace is still widely disputed. Cheese fries have been said to grow in popularity in the United States after canned cheese products such as Cheez Whiz hit the U.S. markets in 1952.[1] Don A. Jenkins is said to have invented a variation of the cheese fry (the chili cheese fry), at the age of 16, in Tomball, Texas. Another report claims that a young fry cook named Austin Ruse was the first to serve this dish while working at Dairy Queen in St. Charles, MO. [2][3]

Throughout the Southwest US, cheese fries are often covered in melted cheddar cheese, bacon bits, jalapeño slices, and chives, and served with ranch dressing. Alternately, they are also served as carne asada fries.
In Philadelphia, pizza fries are topped with melted mozzarella and served with pizza sauce on the side, while "mega fries" are topped with cheddar (or sometimes Cheez Whiz) and mozzarella cheese and bacon, usually served with a side of ranch dressing. 
In New York City, Long Island, and New Jersey, they are covered with American, mozzarella, or Swiss cheese, then melted.
In New Jersey and certain New York City diners, Disco Fries are served with mozzarella and brown gravy.
In other parts of the US, nacho cheese is often used, especially in snack stand-type settings.

Chili cheese fries are topped with chili con carne. The cheese is usually either American or cheddar. In Cincinnati, Ohio, they use their own Cincinnati chili for their chili cheese fries at the local chili restaurants. In New Mexico, they use New Mexican chile for their chili cheese fries, often adding chopped lettuce, tomato, and olives as garnish.

Gravy is a sauce often made from the juices of meats that run naturally during cooking and often thickened with wheat flour or corn starch for added texture. The term can refer to a wider variety of sauces. The gravy may be further colored and flavored with gravy salt (a simple mix of salt and caramel food coloring) or gravy browning (gravy salt dissolved in water) or ready-made cubes and powders can be used as a substitute for natural meat or vegetable extracts. Canned and instant gravies are also available.[1] Gravy is commonly served with roasts, meatloaf, rice,[2] and mashed potatoes.

In United Kingdom and Ireland, a Sunday roast is usually served with gravy. It is commonly eaten with pork, chicken, lamb, or beef. It is also popular in different parts of England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland to have gravy with just chips (mostly from a fish and chip shop).

In United Kingdom and Irish cuisine, as well as in the cuisines of Commonwealth countries like Australia, New Zealand, and some areas in Canada, the word gravy refers only to the meat-based sauce derived from meat juices, stock cubes or gravy granules. Use of the word "gravy" does not include other thickened sauces. One of the most popular forms is onion gravy, which is eaten with sausages, Yorkshire pudding and roast meat.

Throughout the United States, gravy is commonly eaten with Thanksgiving foods such as turkey, mashed potatoes and stuffing. One Southern United States variation is sausage gravy eaten with American biscuits. Another Southern US dish that uses white gravy is chicken-fried steak. Rice and gravy is a staple of Cajun and Creole cuisine in the southern US state of Louisiana.





French fries, or simply fries (North American English), chips (British and Commonwealth English, Hiberno-English),[1] finger chips (Indian English)[2], or french-fried potatoes, are batonnet or allumette-cut deep-fried potatoes.

French fries are served hot, either soft or crispy, and are generally eaten as part of lunch or dinner or by themselves as a snack, and they commonly appear on the menus of diners, fast food restaurants, pubs, and bars. They are usually salted and, depending on the country, may be served with ketchup, vinegar, mayonnaise, tomato sauce, or other local specialties. Fries can be topped more heavily, as in the dishes of poutine or chili cheese fries. Chips can be made from kumara or other sweet potatoes instead of potatoes. A baked variant, oven chips, uses less oil or no oil.[3] One very common fast food dish is fish and chips.





A hamburger (also burger for short) is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat, usually beef, placed inside a sliced bread roll or bun. The patty may be pan fried, grilled, smoked[1] or flame broiled. Hamburgers are often served with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, bacon, or chiles; condiments such as ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise, relish, or "special sauce"; and are frequently placed on sesame seed buns. A hamburger topped with cheese is called a cheeseburger.[2]

The term "burger" can also be applied to the meat patty on its own, especially in the United Kingdom, where the term "patty" is rarely used, or the term can even refer simply to ground beef. Since the term hamburger usually implies beef, for clarity "burger" may be prefixed with the type of meat or meat substitute used, as in beef burger, turkey burger, bison burger, or veggie burger.

A hot dog bun is a type of soft bun shaped specifically to contain a hot dog or another type of sausage. The original purpose of this food was to make it possible to eat hot dogs without burning one’s hands.[1] There are two basic types: top-loading New England-style hot dog buns[2] or "lobster buns" in some areas, and side-loading buns, common in the rest of the United States, also called American style buns. There are also regional variations such as the poppy seed adorned buns of Chicago.

The advantages to a top loader are that it holds the hot dog securely and fits nicely into little three-sided paper boxes. Top loaders are generally baked side by side and torn apart as needed, leaving a flat side surface for grilling; however it is debatable as to whether this is actually an advantage over the U-shaped underside (similar to a submarine hull) of side loaders which are able to fit snugly between grills, providing deep heating to the sausage.

Hot dog historian and professor emeritus at Roosevelt University Bruce Kraig believes the term "hot dog" was invented in the late 19th century by American observers of German immigrants, who ate sausages on buns. The Americans joked that the sausages looked suspiciously like the Germans' dachshunds.[3]

Charles Feltman invented an elongated hot dog bun on Coney Island in 1871 according to writer Jefferey Stanton.[4]



The hot dog[2][3] (also spelled hotdog) is a grilled or steamed sausage sandwich where the sausage is served in the slit of a partially sliced bun.[4] It can also refer to the sausage itself. The sausage used is the wiener (Vienna sausage) or frankfurter (Frankfurter Würstchen, also just called frank). The names of these sausages also commonly refer to their assembled dish.[5] Hot dog preparation and condiments vary regionally in the United States. Typical condiments include mustard, ketchup, mayonnaise, relish, and cheese sauce, and common garnishes include onions, sauerkraut, jalapeños, chili, grated cheese, coleslaw, bacon, and olives. Hot dog variants include the corn dog and pigs in a blanket. The hot dog's cultural traditions include the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest and the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile.

These types of sausages and their sandwiches were culturally imported from Germany and became popular in the United States, where the "hot dog" became a working-class street food sold at stands and carts. The hot dog became closely associated with baseball and American culture. Although particularly connected with New York City and its cuisine, the hot dog eventually became ubiquitous throughout the US during the 20th century, and emerged as an important part of other regional cuisines, including Chicago street cuisine.[6][7][8]

The word "frankfurter" comes from Frankfurt, Germany, where pork sausages similar to hot dogs originated.[9] These sausages, Frankfurter Würstchen, were known since the 13th century and given to the people on the event of imperial coronations, starting with the coronation of Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor as King. "Wiener" refers to Vienna, Austria (German: Wien), home to a sausage made of a mixture of pork and beef.[10] Johann Georg Lahner, an 18th/19th century butcher from the Franconian city of Coburg, is said to have brought the Frankfurter Würstchen to Vienna, where he added beef to the mixture and simply called it Frankfurter.[11] Nowadays, in German-speaking countries, except Austria, hot dog sausages are called Wiener or Wiener Würstchen (Würstchen means "little sausage"), to differentiate them from the original pork-only mixture from Frankfurt. In Swiss German, it is called Wienerli, while in Austria the terms Frankfurter or Frankfurter Würstel are used.





French fries, or simply fries (North American English), chips (British and Commonwealth English, Hiberno-English),[1] finger chips (Indian English)[2], or french-fried potatoes, are batonnet or allumette-cut deep-fried potatoes.

French fries are served hot, either soft or crispy, and are generally eaten as part of lunch or dinner or by themselves as a snack, and they commonly appear on the menus of diners, fast food restaurants, pubs, and bars. They are usually salted and, depending on the country, may be served with ketchup, vinegar, mayonnaise, tomato sauce, or other local specialties. Fries can be topped more heavily, as in the dishes of poutine or chili cheese fries. Chips can be made from kumara or other sweet potatoes instead of potatoes. A baked variant, oven chips, uses less oil or no oil.[3] One very common fast food dish is fish and chips.





Fast food is a type of mass-produced food designed for commercial resale and with a strong priority placed on "speed of service" versus other relevant factors involved in culinary science. Fast food was originally created as a commercial strategy to accommodate the larger numbers of busy commuters, travelers and wage workers who often did not have the time to sit down at a public house or diner and wait for their meal. By making speed of service the priority, this ensured that customers with strictly limited time (a commuter stopping to procure dinner to bring home to their family, for example, or an hourly laborer on a short lunch break) were not inconvenienced by waiting for their food to be cooked on-the-spot (as is expected from a traditional "sit down" restaurant). For those with no time to spare, fast food became a multibillion-dollar industry. In 2018, the fast food industry was worth an estimated $570 billion globally.[1]

The fastest form of "fast food" consists of pre-cooked meals kept in readiness for a customer's arrival (Boston Market rotisserie chicken, Little Caesars pizza, etc.), with waiting time reduced to mere seconds. Other fast food outlets, primarily the hamburger outlets (McDonald's, Burger King, etc.) use mass-produced pre-prepared ingredients (bagged buns & condiments, frozen beef patties, prewashed/sliced vegetables, etc.) but take great pains to point out to the customer that the "meat and potatoes" (hamburgers and french fries) are always cooked fresh (or at least relatively recently) and assembled "to order" (like at a diner).

Hamburg steak is a patty of ground beef. Made popular worldwide by migrating Germans, it became a mainstream dish around the start of the 19th century. It is similar to Salisbury steak.

Prior to the disputed introduction of the hamburger in the United States, similar foods already existed in the culinary tradition of Europe. The Apicius cookbook, a collection of ancient Roman recipes that may date to the early fourth century, details a preparation of beef called isicia omentata; served as a baked patty in which beef is mixed with pine kernels, black and green peppercorns, and white wine, isicia omentata may be the earliest precursor to the hamburger.[1]

When Genghis Khan's grandson Kublai Khan (1215–1294) invaded Moscow, his warriors and he introduced minced horsemeat to the Muscovites. This was later called steak tartare.[2] The city-states of what is now Germany took to this ground meat product and created many of their own dishes by adding capers, onions, and even caviar to the blend and selling it on the streets.[3] It is not known when the first restaurant recipe for steak tartare appeared.[4] While not providing a clear name, the first description of steak tartare was given by Jules Verne in 1875 in his novel Michael Strogoff. Certain similarities exist between steak tartare and the German dishes Labskaus and Mett. Other similar raw, chopped meats appeared in the 20th century, such as the Italian carpaccio, which itself was invented in 1950 at Harry's Bar in Venice.[5] Similarly, one of the oldest references to a Hamburgh sausage appeared in 1763 in the cookbook entitled Art of Cookery, Made Plain and Easy by Hannah Glasse (1708–1770). Hamburgh sausage is made with minced meat and a variety of spices, including nutmeg, cloves, black pepper, garlic, and salt, and is typically served with toast. A wide variety of traditional European dishes is also made with minced meat, such as meatloaf,[6] the Serbian pljeskavica, the Arab kofta, and Swedish meatballs.

While ground beef was used by various cultures in Europe and Central Asia, the hamburger steak's other vital ingredient, bread, has a different history. Bread had always been part of the development of many types of foods, including sauces such as those described by Marie-Antoine Carême in his compendium entitled L'art de la cuisine française au XIXe siècle. The word "sandwich" was not recorded until the 18th century. Many cultures claim invention of the sandwich, but it was given its name around the year 1765 in honor of the English aristocrat John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, who preferred to eat sandwiches so he could play cards without soiling his fingers.[7] However,  Elizabeth Leslie Cook did not include a sandwich recipe in her cookbook until 1840, when it appeared in the local cuisine of the United States.[8]

A chicken sandwich is a sandwich that typically consists of boneless, skinless chicken breast served between slices of bread, with pickles, on a bun, or on a roll. Variations on the "chicken sandwich" include the chicken burger or chicken on a bun, hot chicken, and chicken salad sandwich.

In North America, the sandwich usually consists of a chicken filet or patty, toppings and bread. The chicken meat can be deep fried, grilled, roasted or boiled, served hot or cold, and white or dark meat chicken can be used. Shredded chicken in one form or another, such as chicken salad, can also be used in chicken sandwiches. Another form is made with cold cuts. Wrap versions of the sandwich can also be made, in which the ingredients are rolled up inside a flatbread, such as a tortilla. Open-faced versions of the sandwich, which feature hot chicken served with gravy on top of bread, are also common variations.

Some establishments serving hamburgers also serve chicken sandwiches, giving customers an alternative to beef. Such a sandwich may also be called "chicken on a bun"[1] or "chicken burger" in Australia or the UK,[2] and is served on a hamburger bun with similar condiments and toppings as found on hamburgers.[3] While most chicken sandwiches in this context usually use fried or grilled chicken breasts, a chicken burger may also be made of a grilled or fried patty of ground chicken.[4]

Chick-fil-A claims that it invented the fried chicken sandwich in the 1940s. This claim is unsubstantiated, though the Chick-fil-A southern-style chicken sandwich (served with pickles on a steamed roll), introduced on March 21, 1964, was most likely the first chicken sandwich introduced by a fast food restaurant chain.[5] Other notable vendors of chicken sandwiches include KFC and Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen. Today, most major fast food, fast casual and casual dining chains feature some sort of chicken sandwich, even at restaurants where chicken is not a specialty.



This is a list of notable hamburger restaurants. A hamburger is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat (usually beef) usually placed inside a sliced hamburger bun. Hamburgers are often served with lettuce, bacon, tomato, onion, pickles, cheese, and condiments such as mustard, mayonnaise, ketchup, and relish.[1] This list includes restaurants and fast food restaurants that primarily serve hamburgers and related food items.

A Burger King restaurant in Leicester Square, London, United Kingdom

A Carl's Jr. restaurant in Denton, Texas



A steak (/ˈsteɪk/) is a meat generally sliced across the muscle fibers, potentially including a bone. It is normally grilled,[1] though can also be pan-fried. It is often grilled in an attempt to replicate the flavor of steak cooked over the glowing coals of an open fire.[1] Steak can also be cooked in sauce, such as in steak and kidney pie, or minced and formed into patties, such as hamburgers.

Steaks are often cut from grazing animals, usually farmed, other than cattle, including bison, camel, goat, horse, kangaroo,[2][3] sheep, ostrich, pigs, reindeer, turkey, deer, and zebu, as well as various types of fish, especially salmon and large pelagic fish such as swordfish, shark, and marlin. For some meats, such as pork, lamb and mutton, chevon, and veal, these cuts are often referred to as chops. Some cured meat, such as gammon, is commonly served as steak.

Grilled portobello mushroom may be called mushroom steak, and similarly for other vegetarian dishes.[4] Imitation steak is a food product that is formed into a steak shape from various pieces of meat. Grilled fruits such as watermelon have been used as vegetarian steak alternatives.



A rice burger or riceburger is a variation on the traditional hamburger with compressed rice cakes substituted for the hamburger buns.[1] The MOS Burger fast-food restaurant chain introduced the rice burger in 1987,[2][3] and it has become a popular food item in East Asia.  Beginning around 2005 McDonald's also offered a rice burger in some of its Asian stores, with mixed results.[4][5]
In South Korea they are known as "bapburgers" (bap/bab means rice in Korean language). Popular Korean-style rice burgers include fillings such as Stir-fried kimchi and tuna with mayonnaise.[6]



An onion ring is a form of appetizer or side dish commonly found in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, and some parts of Asia, mainland Europe, and Latin America. They generally consist of a cross-sectional "ring" of onion (the circular structure of which lends itself well to this method of preparation) dipped in batter or bread crumbs and then deep fried; a variant is made with onion paste. While typically served as a side dish, onion rings are often eaten by themselves. The cooking process decomposes propanethial oxide in the onion into the sweet-smelling and tasting bispropenyl disulfide, responsible for the slightly sweet taste of onion rings.

The exact origins of deep-fried onion rings are unknown, but a recipe for onions that are dipped in milk then dredged in flour and deep-fried, appeared in a 1933 advertisement for Crisco in The New York Times Magazine.[1]

A recipe for French Fried Onions may have appeared in the Middletown, New York Daily Times on 13 January 1910. It does not claim to be the originator of the recipe.[2]

One claimant to the invention of the onion ring is the Kirby's Pig Stand restaurant chain, founded in Oak Cliff, Texas, in the early 1920s. The once-thriving chain, whose heyday in the 1940s saw over 100 locations across the United States, also claims to be the originator of Texas toast.[3]





Sausages are a meat product usually made from ground meat, often pork, beef, or poultry, along with salt, spices and other flavourings. Other ingredients such as grains or breadcrumbs may be included as fillers or extenders. Some sausages include other ingredients for flavour.

The word "sausage" can refer to the loose sausage meat, which can be formed into patties or stuffed into a skin. When referred to as "a sausage," the product is usually cylindrical and encased in a skin. 

A patty melt is a burger consisting of a hamburger patty with melted cheese (traditionally Swiss) and topped with caramelized onions between two slices of griddled bread (traditionally rye or marbled rye, though sourdough or Texas toast are sometimes substituted in some regions, including the southern U.S.). In some places—not the U.S.—a patty melt is an open sandwich, served on a single piece of toast or two halves of a bun.[citation needed] It is unclear when the patty melt was invented, but records exist of them having been commercially served as early as the 1940s. The patty melt is a variant of the traditional American cheeseburger, taking the burger back to its sandwich inspired roots by serving it on bread versus a bun.[1]

Several culinary writers suggested that Los Angeles restaurateur Tiny Naylor may have invented the patty melt sometime between 1930 and 1959, depending on the source.[2][3][4][5] Even if Naylor did not invent the sandwich, it is agreed that Naylor and his family helped popularize the sandwich in their respective restaurants, that included Tiny Naylor's, Du-par's, and Wolfgang Puck's Granita, over the past half century or more.[6]

A hot dog stand is a business that sells hot dogs, usually from an external counter.  Hot dog stands can be located on a public thoroughfare, near a sports stadium, in a shopping mall, or at a fair.  They are often found on the streets of major American cities.[1][2][3] According to one report, some hot dog stands are paying up to $80,000 in rent for prime locations in Manhattan.[4]

Similar businesses include hot dog carts or wagons, which are portable hand carts with a grill or boiler for cooking the hot dogs and keeping them hot.  In the United States, hot dog carts are also referred to as hot dog stands.  However, a hot dog stand is typically a permanent or semi-permanent structure,[5] whereas a hot dog cart is movable.  Similarly, hot dog trucks are motor vehicles that are set up at a roadside location, and often include a complete kitchen for storage and preparation. 

In Denmark, hot dog stands are called Pølsevogn (sausage wagons).[6] They serve traditional hot dogs as well as assorted sausages and sausage meats.

In Toronto, the hot dogs from hot dog stands are often called "street meat".[7]



In North America, a breakfast sandwich is any sandwich filled with foods associated with the breakfast meal. Breakfast sandwiches are served at fast food restaurants (for example, the Burger King breakfast sandwiches) and delicatessens or bought as fast, ready to heat and eat sandwiches from a store. Breakfast sandwiches are commonly made at home. Different types of breakfast sandwich include the bacon sandwich, the egg sandwich, and the sausage sandwich; or various combinations thereof, like the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. The breakfast sandwich is related to the breakfast roll.

Breakfast sandwiches are typically made using breakfast meats (generally cured meats such as sausages, patty sausages, bacon, country ham, scrapple, Spam and pork roll), breads, eggs and cheese. These sandwiches were typically regional specialties until fast food restaurants began serving breakfast. Because the common types of bread, such as biscuits, bagels, and English muffin, were similar in size to fast food hamburger buns, they made an obvious choice for fast food restaurants.  Unlike other breakfast items, they were perfect for the innovation of the drive-through.  These sandwiches have also become a staple of many convenience stores.

Although the ingredients for the breakfast sandwich have been common elements of breakfast meals in the English-speaking world for centuries, it was not until the 19th century in the United States that people began regularly eating eggs, cheese, and meat in a sandwich.[1] What would later be known as "breakfast sandwiches" became increasingly popular after the Civil War, and were a favorite food of pioneers during American westward expansion. The first known published recipe for a "breakfast sandwich" was in an 1897 American cookbook.[1]

A patty is a flattened, usually round, serving of ground meat or meat alternatives. The meat is compacted and shaped, cooked, and served.

Patties can be eaten with a knife and fork in dishes like Salisbury steak, but are typically served in a sort of sandwich called a "burger", or a hamburger if the patty is made from ground beef.

The term "patty" is used in many varieties of English, but less frequently in the Britain and Ireland than in the United States.[1]

Similar-shaped meat cakes not made from ground beef may also be called "burger": "turkey burgers" or "fishburgers" may be made from reshaped mechanically separated meat. Sometimes burgers are breaded. Veggie burger patties are made without meat, usually of soy, but also often of other beans and occasionally of other mixed vegetables.[2]





A hamburger (also burger for short) is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat, usually beef, placed inside a sliced bread roll or bun. The patty may be pan fried, grilled, smoked[1] or flame broiled. Hamburgers are often served with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, bacon, or chiles; condiments such as ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise, relish, or "special sauce"; and are frequently placed on sesame seed buns. A hamburger topped with cheese is called a cheeseburger.[2]

The term "burger" can also be applied to the meat patty on its own, especially in the United Kingdom, where the term "patty" is rarely used, or the term can even refer simply to ground beef. Since the term hamburger usually implies beef, for clarity "burger" may be prefixed with the type of meat or meat substitute used, as in beef burger, turkey burger, bison burger, or veggie burger.

This is a list of hamburgers. A hamburger is a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of ground meat usually placed inside a sliced bread roll. Hamburgers are often served with lettuce, bacon, tomato, onion, pickles, cheese, and condiments such as mustard, mayonnaise, ketchup, and relish.[1] There are many types of hamburgers with significant variations.





A hamburger (also burger for short) is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat, usually beef, placed inside a sliced bread roll or bun. The patty may be pan fried, grilled, smoked[1] or flame broiled. Hamburgers are often served with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, bacon, or chiles; condiments such as ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise, relish, or "special sauce"; and are frequently placed on sesame seed buns. A hamburger topped with cheese is called a cheeseburger.[2]

The term "burger" can also be applied to the meat patty on its own, especially in the United Kingdom, where the term "patty" is rarely used, or the term can even refer simply to ground beef. Since the term hamburger usually implies beef, for clarity "burger" may be prefixed with the type of meat or meat substitute used, as in beef burger, turkey burger, bison burger, or veggie burger.



Adele Laurie Blue Adkins MBE (/əˈdɛl/; born 5 May 1988) is an English singer-songwriter. After graduating from the BRIT School in 2006, Adele signed a recording contract with XL Recordings. In 2007, she received the Brit Awards Critics' Choice Award and won the BBC Sound of 2008 poll. Her debut album, 19, was released in 2008 to commercial and critical success. It is certified eight times platinum in the UK, and three times platinum in the US. The album contains her first song, "Hometown Glory", written when she was 16, which is based on her home suburb of West Norwood in London. An appearance she made on Saturday Night Live in late 2008 boosted her career in the US. At the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009, Adele received the awards for Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.

Adele released her second studio album, 21, in 2011. The album was critically well received and surpassed the success of her debut, earning numerous awards in 2012, among them a record-tying six Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year; two Brit Awards, including British Album of the Year; and three American Music Awards, including Favorite Pop/Rock Album. The album has been certified 17 times platinum in the UK, and is overall the fourth best-selling album in the nation. In the US, it has held the top position longer than any album since 1985, and is certified diamond. The best-selling album worldwide of 2011 and 2012, 21 has sold over 31 million copies. The success of 21 earned Adele numerous mentions in the Guinness Book of World Records. She was the first female artist to simultaneously have two albums in the top five of the Billboard 200 and two singles in the top five of the Billboard Hot 100, as well as the first woman in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 to have three simultaneous top 10 singles as a lead artist, with "Rolling in the Deep", "Someone Like You", and "Set Fire to the Rain", all of which also topped the chart. 21 is the longest-running number one album by a female solo artist in the history of the UK and US Album Charts.

In 2012, Adele released "Skyfall", which she co-wrote and recorded for the James Bond film of the same name. The song won an Academy Award, a Grammy Award, and a Golden Globe for Best Original Song, as well as the Brit Award for British Single of the Year. After taking a three-year break, Adele released her third studio album, 25, in 2015. It became the year's best-selling album and broke first-week sales records in the UK and US. 25 was her second album to be certified diamond in the US and earned her five Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year, and four Brit Awards, including British Album of the Year. The lead single, "Hello", became the first song in the US to sell over one million digital copies within a week of its release. Her third concert tour, Adele Live 2016, visited Europe, North America and Oceania, and concluded with finale concerts at Wembley Stadium in late June 2017.[7]



"Someone Like You" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was written by Adele and Dan Wilson for her second studio album, 21. It is the second single and final track on the album. The song was inspired by a broken relationship, and lyrically speaks of Adele's coming to terms with it. XL Recordings released the song as the second single from the album on 24 January 2011 (the same day the album was released) in the United Kingdom and on 9 August 2011 in the United States. Accompanied only by a piano in the song (played by co-writer Wilson), Adele sings about the end of the relationship with her ex-boyfriend. The song received widespread critical acclaim, with critics choosing the song as a highlight of 21 and praised the lyrics, its simple sound and Adele's vocal performance.

Following a well-received performance of the song at the 2011 Brit Awards, "Someone Like You" became Adele's first number-one single in the UK and stayed on the top of the chart for five weeks. The song also topped the charts in Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Brazil, Italy, France and Switzerland, and has become Adele's second number one in the US. With that achievement Adele became the first female British solo singer in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 to have two number ones from the same album. In July 2011, it became the first single of the decade to sell a million units in the UK and it was certified 4× Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), as well as being certified 6× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). As of 2018, Someone Like You has sold over 17 million copies worldwide making it one of the best-selling digital single of all-time.

An accompanying music video for the song was directed by Jake Nava and filmed in Paris, France. The video showed Adele walking alone through the streets with a sad look on her face. Critics praised the video for being simple and perfect for the sound of the song. Adele performed the song on several award and television shows including the 2011 Brit Awards, 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, and the song was played on the ABC hit show Grey's Anatomy. She added the song to the set list of her second tour Adele Live. The live performances of the song were heavily praised by music critics and fans. The song has been covered by Katy Perry, Taio Cruz, the cast of the series Glee, and several other artists.



19 is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was first released on 28 January 2008, through XL Recordings. Following Adele's graduation from the BRIT School for Performing Arts & Technology in May 2006, she began publishing songs and recorded a three-song demo for a class project and gave it to a friend. The friend posted the demo on Myspace, where it became very successful and led to interest from XL Recordings. This led to Adele signing a recording contract with the label and providing vocals for Jack Peñate, during this session for Peñate's song she met producer Jim Abbiss, who would go on to produce the majority of her debut album.

Adele wrote most of the album's material solely, but did work with a select few writers and producers including Jim Abbiss, Eg White and Sacha Skarbek. Their collaborations created a blue-eyed soul album with lyrics describing heartbreak and relationship.[2] Upon release, 19 received generally favorable reviews from critics, who praised the singer's vocals and noted her as having the "potential to become among the most respected and inspiring international artists of her generation."[3] 19 also won and was nominated for accolades including a Mercury Prize, and the Grammy Award for Best New Artist. The second single, "Chasing Pavements", also won the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 51st Annual Grammy Awards.[citation needed]

Four singles were released from the album, with "Chasing Pavements" and "Make You Feel My Love" reaching the top ten on the UK Singles Chart and the former becoming Adele's first Billboard Hot 100 entry. 19 debuted at number one on the UK charts during its release,[4] and was certified eight times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) with sales of over 2.4 million copies.[5] Peaking at number four on the US Billboard 200 in 2012, the album has also sold over 3 million copies in the United States[6] and an estimated 7 million copies worldwide.[7]



"Hello" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele, released on 23 October 2015 by XL Recordings as the lead single from her third studio album, 25 (2015). Adele co-wrote the song with her producer, Greg Kurstin. "Hello" is a piano ballad with soul influences, and lyrics that discuss themes of nostalgia and regret. Upon release, the song was acclaimed by music critics, who compared it favourably to Adele's previous work and praised the song's lyrics and Adele's vocals. It was recorded in London's Metropolis Studios.

"Hello" reached number one in a record breaking 36 countries, including the United Kingdom, where it became her second chart topper, following "Someone Like You", and has the largest opening week sales in three years. In the United States, "Hello" debuted at the top of the Billboard Hot 100, reigning for 10 consecutive weeks whilst becoming Adele's fourth number-one on the chart and breaking several records, including becoming the first song to sell over a million digital copies in a week. By the end of 2015, it had sold 12.3 million units globally (combined sales and track-equivalent streams) and was the year's 7th best-selling single while it stands as one of the best-selling singles of all-time.[3]

The accompanying music video was directed by Xavier Dolan and co-stars Adele and Tristan Wilds. The music video for the song broke the Vevo Record by achieving over 27.7 million views within a 24-hour span, held previously by Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood" which accumulated 20.1 million views in that timeframe. "Hello" also broke the record for shortest time to reach one billion YouTube views (87 days).



"Rolling in the Deep" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Adele for her second studio album, 21. It is the lead single and opening track on the album. The song was written by Adele and Paul Epworth. The singer herself describes it as a "dark blues-y gospel disco tune".[1] The largest crossover hit in the United States from the past 25 years, "Rolling in the Deep" gained radio airplay from many different radio formats.[2] It was first released on 29 November 2010 as the lead single from 21 in digital download format. The lyrics describe the emotions of a scorned lover.

"Rolling in the Deep" was highly acclaimed by music critics and represented a commercial breakthrough for Adele, propelling her to global superstardom. The song reached number one in 12 countries and the top five in many more regions. It was Adele's first number-one song in the United States, reaching the top spot on many Billboard charts, including the Billboard Hot 100 where it was number one for seven weeks. By February 2012, "Rolling in the Deep" had sold over 8.7 million copies in the United States, making it the best-selling digital song by a female artist in the US,[3] the second-best-selling digital song in the US and Adele's best-selling single outside her native country, topping her previous best-selling "Chasing Pavements". Worldwide, it was the fifth-best-selling digital single of 2011 with sales of 8.2 million copies.[4] As of 2018, "Rolling in the Deep" has sold over 20.6 million copies worldwide, making it the one of the best-selling digital singles of all-time.[5][6][7] The song spent 65 weeks on the chart, making the song at that time the fourth-most weeks spent on the chart, tying the place with Jewel with her double single "Foolish Games"/"You Were Meant for Me".

It's video received seven nominations at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, making it the most nominated music video of the year.[8] The video won three awards: Best Editing, Best Cinematography and Best Art Direction.[9] "Rolling in the Deep" was also the Billboard Year End Hot 100 Number One Single of 2011. On 12 February 2012, "Rolling in the Deep" received three Grammy Awards for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Short Form Music Video.[10][11] Various critics and music publications ranked it as the best song of the year on their end-of-year lists with Rolling Stone ranking it number 8 on its list of "The 100 Greatest Songs of the 21st Century".[12]



25 is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele, released on 20 November 2015 by XL Recordings and Columbia Records. Issued nearly five years after her previous album, the internationally successful 21 (2011), the album is titled as a reflection of her life and frame of mind at 25 years old and is termed a "make-up record". Its lyrical content features themes of Adele "yearning for her old self, her nostalgia", and "melancholia about the passage of time" according to an interview with the singer by Rolling Stone, as well as themes of motherhood and regret. In contrast to Adele's previous works, the production of 25 incorporated the use of electronic elements and creative rhythmic patterns, with elements of 1980s R&B and organs. Like when recording 21, Adele worked with producer and songwriter Paul Epworth and Ryan Tedder, along with new collaborations with Max Martin and Shellback, Greg Kurstin, Danger Mouse, the Smeezingtons, Samuel Dixon, and Tobias Jesso Jr.

25 received generally positive reviews from critics, who commended Adele's vocal performance and the album's production. It was a massive commercial success, debuting at number one in 32 countries and breaking first-week sales records in multiple countries, including the United Kingdom and United States. In the US, the album sold over 3.38 million copies in its first week of sales, marking the largest single-week sales for an album since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking point-of-sale music purchases in 1991. 25 eventually became the world's best-selling album of the year for 2015, with 17.4 million copies sold within the year,[3] and has gone on to sell over 22 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums of all time, and the fourth-best selling album of the 21st century. Following 21, it was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting sales of 10 million copies in the US, making Adele the only artist of the 2010s to achieve this certification with two albums.

25 was credited by many journalists for impacting the music industry by encouraging a renewed interest in buying physical releases rather than downloading or streaming; much like 21, it was also credited for saving the dwindling sales of the UK and US music industry. 25 received the BRIT Award for British Album of the Year, while its lead single "Hello" won British Single of the Year at the 2016 Brit Awards. It also won the 2017 Grammy Awards for Album of the Year, and Best Pop Vocal Album; "Hello" also won Grammys for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance. To promote the album, Adele embarked on her third worldwide concert tour, Adele Live 2016. It started on 29 February 2016 and ended on 30 June 2017.



21 is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was released on 24 January 2011[1] in Europe and on 22 February 2011 in North America by XL Recordings and Columbia Records. The album was named after the age of the singer during its production. 21 shares the folk and Motown soul influences of her 2008 debut album 19, but was further inspired by the American country and Southern blues music to which she had been exposed during her 2008–09 North American tour An Evening with Adele. Composed in the aftermath of the singer's separation from her then partner, the album typifies the near dormant tradition of the confessional singer-songwriter in its exploration of heartbreak, self-examination, and forgiveness.

Adele began writing 21 in April 2009, when still involved in the relationship that subsequently inspired the record. Dissatisfied with once again portraying herself as the musical tragedian of her debut, she had intended to compose a more upbeat and contemporary follow-up. However, studio sessions ended prematurely due to a lack of inspiration. She resumed production immediately after the breakdown of her relationship, channelling her heartbreak and depression into her songs. Adele collaborated with various songwriters and producers, including Columbia Records co-president Rick Rubin, Paul Epworth, Ryan Tedder, Jim Abbiss, and Dan Wilson.

Praised by critics for its understated production, vintage aesthetic, and Adele's vocal performance, 21 defied the modest commercial expectations of her independent record label XL Recordings. The album topped the charts in more than 30 countries and became the world's best-selling album of the year for 2011 and 2012. In the United Kingdom, it is the best-selling album of the 21st century, the fourth best-selling album of all time, and the best-selling album by a solo artist of all time, while its 23-week tenure atop the UK Albums Chart is the longest by a female solo artist. In the United States, the album held the top position for 24 weeks, longer than any other album since 1985 and the longest by a female solo artist in Billboard 200 history.[2] In addition, it had the most weeks on the Billboard 200 chart of any album by a woman[3] and was ranked as the "Greatest Billboard 200 Album of All Time."[2] It was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association America (RIAA).

Original file ‎(447 × 754 pixels, file size: 75 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5
CC BY 2.5 
Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 
truetrue

Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.

The following other wikis use this file:





Robyn Rihanna Fenty (/riˈænə/ ree-AN-ə;[1][n 1] born February 20, 1988)[2] is a Barbadian singer, songwriter, actress, and businesswoman who is known for embracing various musical styles and reinventing her image throughout her career. Born in Saint Michael and raised in Bridgetown, Barbados, Rihanna moved to the US in 2005 when she signed with Def Jam. She earned significant recognition following the release of her first two studio albums, Music of the Sun (2005) and A Girl like Me (2006), both of which were influenced by Caribbean music and peaked within the top ten of the US Billboard 200 chart.

Rihanna's third album, Good Girl Gone Bad (2007), which incorporated elements of dance-pop, catapulted her to greater stardom, establishing her status as a sex symbol and a leading figure in the music industry. Its international chart-topping single "Umbrella" earned Rihanna her first Grammy Award, winning Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. Rihanna extended her fusion of pop, dance, and R&B on her next four albums, Rated R (2009), Loud (2010), Talk That Talk (2011), and the Grammy Award-winning Unapologetic (2012). All four releases incorporated experimentation of various musical styles and consolidated Rihanna's international chart success, Unapologetic being her first number-one album in the US. The records spawned a string of chart-topping singles, including "Rude Boy", "Only Girl (In the World)", "What's My Name?", "S&M", "We Found Love", "Diamonds", and "Stay". Her eighth album, Anti (2016), showcased her control over artistic creativity after her departure from Def Jam. It became her second US number-one album and featured the chart-topping single "Work". Besides solo material, Rihanna has collaborated with recording artists such as Drake, Eminem, and Calvin Harris.





Jessica Ellen Cornish (born 27 March 1988),[1] better known by her stage name Jessie J, is an English singer and songwriter. Born and raised in London, she began her career on stage, aged 11, with a role in the West End musical Whistle Down the Wind. She studied at the BRIT School before signing with Gut Records and striking a songwriting deal with Sony/ATV Music Publishing.

After signing with Republic Records, Jessie J came to prominence following the release of her debut single "Do It Like a Dude". Her next song "Price Tag" topped the charts in nineteen countries including the UK and was followed by the release of her debut album Who You Are (2011), which charted at number two in the UK. Other releases from the album included "Nobody's Perfect", "Who You Are", "Domino" and "Laserlight", which all charted within the top 10 in the UK Singles Chart, making Jessie J the first British female artist to have six top ten singles from a studio album.[2] "Domino" also resulted in further international chart success, peaking at number six on the US Billboard Hot 100 and becoming her second number-one single in the UK. In 2012, Jessie J performed at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Concert outside Buckingham Palace in June, as well as the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games in London on 12 August.





One Direction, often shortened to 1D, are an English-Irish pop boy band formed in London, England in 2010. The group are composed of Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson; former member Zayn Malik departed from the group in 2015. The group signed with Simon Cowell's record label Syco Records after forming and finishing third in the seventh series of the British televised singing competition The X Factor in 2010. Propelled to global success by social media,[1][2][3] One Direction's five albums, Up All Night (2011), Take Me Home (2012), Midnight Memories (2013), Four (2014), and Made in the A.M. (2015), topped charts in most major markets, and generated hit singles including "What Makes You Beautiful", "Live While We're Young", "Best Song Ever", "Story of My Life" and "Drag Me Down".

The group have won nearly 200 awards including seven Brit Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, six Billboard Music Awards, seven American Music Awards (including Artist of the Year in 2014 and 2015), and 28 Teen Choice Awards. They have embarked on four world tours, two of which were all-stadium. In 2013, they earned an estimated $75 million, becoming the second highest earning celebrity under 30 according to Forbes.[4] The world’s best-selling artist of 2013, the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) named them the Global Recording Artist of the Year.[5] Forbes ranked them as the fourth highest-earning celebrities in the world in 2015,[6] and second in 2016.[7]





Elena Jane Goulding (/ˈɡoʊldɪŋ/ GOLDing; born 30 December 1986) is an English singer and songwriter. Her career began when she met record producers Starsmith and Frankmusik, and she was later spotted by Jamie Lillywhite, who later became her manager and A&R. After signing to Polydor Records in July 2009, Goulding released her debut extended play, An Introduction to Ellie Goulding later that year.[1]

In 2010, she became the second artist to top the BBC's annual Sound of... poll and win the Critics' Choice Award at the Brit Awards in the same year. She released her debut studio album, Lights, in 2010; it debuted at No. 1 on the UK Albums Chart and has sold over 850,000 copies in the United Kingdom. In November 2010, the album was reissued as Bright Lights, which spawned two singles: a cover of Elton John's "Your Song" which was selected for the first John Lewis Christmas advert, reached No. 2 on the UK Singles Chart, and "Lights", which became Goulding's highest-charting single on the US Billboard Hot 100 to date, peaking at No. 2.





Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say; born September 4, 1981)[5] is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Beyoncé performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as the lead singer of Destiny's Child, one of the best-selling girl groups of all time. 

During Destiny's Child's hiatus, Beyoncé made her theatrical film debut with a role in the US box-office number-one Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002) and recorded her first solo album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which debuted at the top of the US Billboard 200 chart. It also featured the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy". Following the disbandment of Destiny's Child in 2006, she released her second solo album, B'Day, which contained the US number-one single "Irreplaceable", as well as the UK number-one singles "Déjà Vu" and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé continued her acting career with starring roles in The Pink Panther (2006), Dreamgirls (2006), and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay-Z and her portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010. It spawned the UK number-one single "If I Were a Boy" and the US number-one single "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". 



"Set Fire to the Rain" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele from her second studio album 21. The song was Adele's third consecutive US number-one single from 21, and reached the top ten in a number of other markets.  The song was voted by readers of Billboard as their favorite number one hit of 2012.[1] The song's live rendition from the DVD Live at the Royal Albert Hall won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards.[2]  With sales of over 10 million copies, "Set Fire to the Rain" is one of the  best selling digital singles of all-time.

"Set Fire to the Rain" was written by Adele and Fraser T Smith while the production was handled by Smith.[3] "Set Fire to the Rain" was released as the third US single from the 21 album on 21 November 2011.[4]

"Set Fire to the Rain" is written in the key of D minor with a tempo of 108 beats per minute, following three chord progressions and a passage progression of Progression #1: Dm(i)–F(III)–C(VII)–Gm(iv); Dm(i)–F(III)–C(VII)–Csus4(VIIsus4)–C(VII),Passage progression :Gm/B♭(iv)-Gm(iv)-Dm(i)-Dm7(i7)-B♭(VI)-C(VII),Progression #2: Dm(i)-C(VII)-Gm(iv)-Dm(i)-C(VII); Dm(i)-C(VII)-Gm(iv)-B♭(VI)-C(VII) ,Progression #3: B♭(VI)-F/A(III)-Am(v)-C(VII) , and Adele's voice spans A3-D5.[5] The song describes the contradictory elements of a relationship, and the impossibility of letting go which is displayed in the lyrics "You and me together, nothing gets better/But there’s a side to you that I never knew, never knew/All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true/And the games you play, you would always win."[6][7] One of the most pop-influenced of the album,[8] the song is characterised by John Murphy of MusicOMH as a "power ballad".[9] In contrast to the understated production of most songs on the album, the song features lush instrumentation and a swelling string arrangement[6][10] over a mid-tempo rhythm, creating a wall of sound[10][11] for the singer's mourning vocals. Dave Simpson of The Guardian in an article revealed that Adele got inspiration for the song "when mah lightah stopped workin' [sic]" in the wet.[12]



Samuel Frederick Smith (born 19 May 1992) is an English singer and songwriter. They rose to prominence in October 2012 after being featured on Disclosure's breakthrough single "Latch", which peaked at number eleven on the UK Singles Chart. Smith was subsequently featured on Naughty Boy's "La La La", which became a number one single in May 2013. In December 2013, they were nominated for the 2014 Brit Critics' Choice Award and the BBC's Sound of 2014 poll,[7][8] winning both.[9][10]

Smith's debut studio album, In the Lonely Hour, was released in May 2014 on Capitol Records UK.[11] The album's lead single, "Lay Me Down", was released prior to "La La La". The album's second single, "Money on My Mind", became Smith's second number one single in the UK.[12] The third single, "Stay with Me", was an international success, reaching number one in the UK and number two on the US Billboard Hot 100, while their singles "I'm Not the Only One" and "Like I Can" reached the top ten in the UK. The album won four awards, at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards, including Best Pop Vocal Album, Best New Artist, Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and nominations for Album of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance.

For Smith's and Jimmy Napes' song "Writing's on the Wall", the theme for the James Bond film Spectre (2015), Smith won the Golden Globe Award and the Academy Award for Best Original Song. Smith's second studio album, The Thrill of It All, was released in November 2017 and debuted atop the UK and US album charts. The lead single, "Too Good at Goodbyes", reached number one in the UK and Australia and number four in the US. Smith released the single "Promises" with Calvin Harris, and it reached number one in the UK. Smith initially released "Dancing with a Stranger", with Normani, as the lead single for Smith's third studio album, which reached the top ten in the UK and the US and was nominated for Song of the Year at the 2020 Brit Awards, along with "How Do You Sleep?", a cover of Donna Summer's 1977 classic "I Feel Love", and "To Die For",[13] until the album was postponed due to the 2020 Covid-19 pandemic.[14] The single "I'm Ready" with Demi Lovato, was then released as the lead single for the upcoming album.[15]





Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter. She is known for her narrative songwriting, which often centers around her personal life and has received widespread media coverage and critical praise. At age 14, Swift became the youngest artist signed by the Sony/ATV Music publishing house and, at age 15, she signed her first record deal. Her 2006 eponymous debut album was the longest-charting album of the 2000s in the US. Its third single, "Our Song", made her the youngest person to single-handedly write and perform a number-one song on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. Swift's second album, Fearless, was released in 2008. Buoyed by the pop crossover success of the singles "Love Story" and "You Belong with Me", it became the US' best-selling album of 2009, won four Grammy Awards—including the Album of the Year—and was certified Diamond by the RIAA.

Swift's self-written third album Speak Now (2010) and fourth album Red (2012) both sold over a million copies in their first weeks in the US, and the latter yielded her first Billboard Hot 100 number-one single, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together". Her fifth album and first all-pop project, 1989 (2014), won three Grammy Awards, including the Album of the Year, and produced the number-one singles "Shake It Off" and "Blank Space", making Swift the first woman to win Album of the Year twice as lead artist and the first woman to replace herself at the top spot on the Hot 100. Her sixth album, Reputation (2017), made her the only act to have four consecutive albums each sell one million copies in their first week in the US and yielded her fifth number-one song on the Hot 100, "Look What You Made Me Do". With her seventh album, Lover (2019), Swift became the first woman in U.S. history to have six albums sell over 500,000 copies in their opening weeks.



"Cold Shoulder" is a song by British singer-songwriter Adele, released from her debut album 19. It was released digitally in Ireland on 20 April 2008 and in the UK on 21 April 2008. This is the only song on the album to be produced by Mark Ronson. Ex-Jamiroquai bassist Stuart Zender plays on the song who is also part of Mark Ronson's touring band. Adele performed the song on Friday Night with Jools Holland on 8 February 2008 and on Saturday Night Live during the 18 October 2008 show.  A remix by Basement Jaxx has also been receiving airplay and is digitally available.

The song was met with positive reviews from critics, with most praising Adele's vocals and the song's lyrics.

The video was shot in February 2008 in London. It has begun gaining airplay on UK music channels, and features Adele singing in a darkened room amongst melting ice statues who all have looks of despair. The video ends with many of the statues melted and final shots of Adele interfade into those of the statues.



Alicia Augello-Cook Dean (born January 25, 1981), better known by her stage name Alicia Keys, is an  American singer, songwriter, actress, record producer, author, and pianist. A classically-trained pianist, Keys was composing songs by age 12 and was signed at 15 years old by Columbia Records. After disputes with the label, she signed with Arista Records, and later released her debut album, Songs in A Minor, with J Records in 2001. The album was critically and commercially successful, producing her first Billboard Hot 100 number-one single "Fallin'" and selling over 16 million copies worldwide. The album earned Keys five Grammy Awards in 2002. Her second album, The Diary of Alicia Keys (2003), was also a critical and commercial success, spawning successful singles "You Don't Know My Name", "If I Ain't Got You", and "Diary", and selling eight million copies worldwide.[1] The album garnered her an additional four Grammy Awards.[2] Her duet "My Boo" with Usher became her second number-one single in 2004. Keys released her first live album, Unplugged (2005), and became the first woman to have an MTV Unplugged album debut at number one.

Her third album, As I Am (2007), produced the Hot 100 number-one single "No One", selling 7 million copies worldwide and earning an additional three Grammy Awards. In 2007, Keys made her film debut in the action-thriller film Smokin' Aces. She, along with Jack White, recorded "Another Way to Die" (the title song to the 22nd official James Bond film, Quantum of Solace). Her fourth album, The Element of Freedom (2009), became her first chart-topping album in the UK, and sold 4 million copies worldwide. In 2009, Keys also collaborated with Jay Z on "Empire State of Mind", which became her fourth number-one single and won the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. Girl on Fire (2012) was her fifth Billboard 200 topping album, spawning the successful title track, and won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album. In 2013, VH1 Storytellers was released as her second live album. Her sixth studio album, Here (2016), became her seventh US R&B/Hip-Hop chart-topping album. Her seventh studio album, Alicia, is scheduled to be released in 2020.

Keys has received numerous accolades in her career, including 15 competitive Grammy Awards, 17 NAACP Image Awards, 12 ASCAP Awards, and an award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame and National Music Publishers Association. She has sold over 65 million records worldwide. Considered a musical icon, Keys was named by Billboard the top R&B artist of the 2000s decade and placed number 10 on their list of Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years. VH1 also included her on their 100 Greatest Artists of All Time and 100 Greatest Women in Music lists, while Time has named her in their 100 list of most influential people in 2005 and 2017. Keys is also acclaimed for her humanitarian work, philanthropy and activism. She co-founded and is the Global Ambassador of the nonprofit HIV/AIDS-fighting organization Keep a Child Alive.

Original file ‎(1,607 × 2,134 pixels, file size: 921 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

Full portrait

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0
CC BY 2.0 
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 
truetrue

30 March 2016




Amy Jade Winehouse (14 September 1983 – 23 July 2011) was an English singer and songwriter. She was known for her deep, expressive contralto vocals and her eclectic mix of musical genres, including soul, rhythm and blues and jazz.

A member of the National Youth Jazz Orchestra during her youth, Winehouse's influences were Sarah Vaughan and Dinah Washington. She signed to Simon Fuller's 19 Management in 2002 and soon recorded a number of songs before signing a publishing deal with EMI. She also formed a working relationship with producer Salaam Remi through these record publishers. Winehouse's debut album, Frank, was released in 2003. Produced mainly by Remi, many of the album's songs were influenced by jazz and, apart from two covers, were co-written by Winehouse.

"In My Blood" is a song recorded by Canadian singer Shawn Mendes. Written by Geoff Warburton, Scott Harris and its producers Mendes and Teddy Geiger, it was released by Island Records on March 22, 2018, as the lead single from Mendes' self-titled third studio album. It was nominated for Song of the Year at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards, and won Single of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2019. "In My Blood" also won Choice pop song at the Teen Choice Awards.[1]

"In My Blood" chronicles Mendes' struggle with anxiety. It marks the first time the singer has publicly discussed his experiences with the mental health disorder.[2]

On March 16, 2018, Mendes posted a collage on social media consisting of two uncaptioned images of blank color blocks,[3] one in beige and one in coral. He later changed his profile picture to a beige background color with a floral design, as featured in the single's artwork.[4][5]

On March 19, Mendes partnered with Spotify to promote the single on a billboard in New York's Times Square that reads "Shawn Mendes coming soon".[6] Shortly after, he posted a video that includes two dates: March 22 and March 23.[7][8][9] The dates were also projected in various places in London.[10]





Edward Christopher Sheeran, MBE (/ˈʃɪərən/; born 17 February 1991) is an English singer, songwriter, record producer, and actor. In early 2011, Sheeran independently released the extended play, No. 5 Collaborations Project. After signing with Asylum Records, his debut album, + (pronounced "plus"), was released in September 2011 and topped the UK Albums Chart. It contained his first hit single "The A Team". In 2012, Sheeran won the Brit Awards for Best British Male Solo Artist and British Breakthrough Act. 

Sheeran's second studio album, × (pronounced "multiply"), was released in June 2014. It was named the second-best-selling album worldwide of 2015. In the same year, × won Album of the Year at the 2015 Brit Awards, and he received the Ivor Novello Award for Songwriter of the Year from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors. A single from ×, "Thinking Out Loud", earned him the 2016 Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance. Sheeran's third album, ÷ (pronounced "divide"), was released in March 2017, and was the best-selling album worldwide of 2017. The first two singles from the album, "Shape of You" and "Castle on the Hill", broke records in a number of countries by debuting in the top two positions of the charts. He also became the first artist to have two songs debut in the US top 10 in the same week. By March 2017, Sheeran had accumulated ten top 10 singles from ÷ on the UK Singles Chart, breaking the record for most top 10 UK singles from one album. His fourth single from ÷, "Perfect", reached number one in the US, Australia and the UK, where it became the Christmas number one in 2017. The world’s best-selling artist of 2017, he was named the Global Recording Artist of the Year. Released in 2019, his fourth studio album No.6 Collaborations Project debuted at number one in most major markets, and spawned three UK number one singles, "I Don't Care", "Beautiful People" and "Take Me Back to London".

Original file ‎(1,000 × 1,486 pixels, file size: 1.19 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

Ed Sheeran

 

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0
CC BY-SA 2.0 
Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 
truetrue



"Turning Tables" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Adele for her second studio album, 21. Conceived after an altercation with her former lover, the song was co-written by Adele and singer-songwriter Ryan Tedder, whilst the production was completed by Jim Abbiss. "Turning Tables" is a pop ballad with a soulful sound; its instrumentation consists of piano, "Broadway-worthy" strings and guitar.[1] Lyrically, the song describes a domestic dispute in which its narrator assumes a defensive stance against a manipulative ex-lover. XL Recordings sent the song to UK mainstream radio on 5 November 2011 as the fifth single from 21 along with "Rumour Has It".

"Turning Tables" received acclaim from music critics, who praised Adele's vocals and its production. The song reached the top-twenty of the singles charts in four countries, including Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands. It also peaked at number 62 on the UK Singles Chart and 63 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for selling over 500,000 digital downloads. Adele performed "Turning Tables" on television shows such as Late Night with David Letterman in the US and The Jonathan Ross Show in the UK and included it on the Adele Live concert tour. American actress and singer Gwyneth Paltrow performed a cover of the single in the Glee episode "A Night of Neglect".

In April 2009, 20-year-old Adele, who had recently embarked on her first serious relationship with a man 10 years her senior,[2] began composing the follow-up to her 2008 debut album 19.[3] In response to the media's typecasting her as an "old soul" due to the vintage production and sentimental nature of her songs,[4] Adele decided on a more upbeat and contemporary second album.[3] However, studio sessions were generally unproductive and, after two weeks, yielded only one song recorded to the singer's satisfaction—the Jim Abbiss-produced "Take It All", a lovelorn piano ballad not unlike the songs on 19.[3][5] Disillusioned with her lack of inspiration and the slow progress of the studio sessions, she cancelled the remaining recording dates.[6] Adele had written "Take It All" during a difficult moment in her relationship. When she played the song for her boyfriend, the two got into a bitter argument that culminated in the end of their 18-month relationship.[7] Heartbroken but musically stimulated, the singer channelled her rush of emotions into her music, crafting songs that examined her failed relationship from the perspectives of vengeful ex-lover, heartbroken victim, and nostalgic old flame.[8][9]



Leona Louise Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is a British singer, songwriter, actress, model and activist. She was born and raised in the London Borough of Islington, where she attended the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology. Lewis achieved national recognition when she won the third series of The X Factor in 2006, winning a £1 million recording contract with Simon Cowell's record label, Syco Music. Her winner's single, a cover of Kelly Clarkson's "A Moment Like This", peaked at number one for four weeks on the UK Singles Chart and broke a world record for reaching 50,000 digital downloads within 30 minutes. In February 2007, Lewis signed a five-album contract in the United States with Clive Davis's record label, J Records.

Lewis's success continued with the release of her debut album, Spirit, in 2007; it was certified 10× platinum in the United Kingdom and became the fourth best-selling album of the 2000s. It is one of the best-selling albums in UK chart history.[3] In the US, Lewis became the first UK solo artist to debut at number one with a debut album, with Spirit.[4] The lead single, "Bleeding Love", spent seven weeks at number one in the UK where it became the best-selling single of 2007. She achieved international recognition with the album in 2008 when it topped charts around the world. Spirit has sold more than eight million copies worldwide, and "Bleeding Love" peaked at number one in over 30 countries, including the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming the best-selling single of 2008. As a result, she was proclaimed Top New Artist by Billboard in 2008. Under the guidance of Cowell and Davis, Lewis released her second UK number-one album Echo and recorded the theme song for the film Avatar in 2009. She embarked on her first UK arena tour, The Labyrinth, in 2010.

In 2011, Lewis released the non-album single "Collide", a collaboration with Swedish DJ Avicii, and her first extended play, Hurt: The EP. Her third album, Glassheart, was released in 2012. It marked a new creative direction for Lewis, drawing inspiration from dubstep and electronic music. However, it failed to match the commercial performance of her two previous albums, peaking at number three in the UK and becoming her first to not be certified platinum. Lewis began to record material for her first Christmas album during her Glassheart Tour, which took place in mid 2013. Christmas, with Love was released later that year. Its lead single, "One More Sleep", peaked at number three in the UK. With this chart entry, Lewis became the first British female solo artist to reach the top five with eight singles, surpassing Olivia Newton-John's record of seven. In 2014, Lewis made her film debut in the supporting role of Elena in the romantic comedy musical, Walking on Sunshine. Her fourth studio album, I Am, was released the following year. In 2016, Lewis made her Broadway debut as Grizabella in the revival of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical Cats. A year later, she signed a modelling contract with Wilhelmina Models. She then collaborated with Calum Scott on the single "You Are The Reason" (2018) which achieved worldwide chart success, and had a recurring role in the American television series The Oath (2019).

Original file ‎(2,004 × 2,864 pixels, file size: 2.44 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

 

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/fr/deed.en
CC BY-SA 2.0 fr
Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 fr
truetrue





Adele Laurie Blue Adkins MBE (/əˈdɛl/; born 5 May 1988) is an English singer-songwriter. After graduating from the BRIT School in 2006, Adele signed a recording contract with XL Recordings. In 2007, she received the Brit Awards Critics' Choice Award and won the BBC Sound of 2008 poll. Her debut album, 19, was released in 2008 to commercial and critical success. It is certified eight times platinum in the UK, and three times platinum in the US. The album contains her first song, "Hometown Glory", written when she was 16, which is based on her home suburb of West Norwood in London. An appearance she made on Saturday Night Live in late 2008 boosted her career in the US. At the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009, Adele received the awards for Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.

Adele released her second studio album, 21, in 2011. The album was critically well received and surpassed the success of her debut, earning numerous awards in 2012, among them a record-tying six Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year; two Brit Awards, including British Album of the Year; and three American Music Awards, including Favorite Pop/Rock Album. The album has been certified 17 times platinum in the UK, and is overall the fourth best-selling album in the nation. In the US, it has held the top position longer than any album since 1985, and is certified diamond. The best-selling album worldwide of 2011 and 2012, 21 has sold over 31 million copies. The success of 21 earned Adele numerous mentions in the Guinness Book of World Records. She was the first female artist to simultaneously have two albums in the top five of the Billboard 200 and two singles in the top five of the Billboard Hot 100, as well as the first woman in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 to have three simultaneous top 10 singles as a lead artist, with "Rolling in the Deep", "Someone Like You", and "Set Fire to the Rain", all of which also topped the chart. 21 is the longest-running number one album by a female solo artist in the history of the UK and US Album Charts.

In 2012, Adele released "Skyfall", which she co-wrote and recorded for the James Bond film of the same name. The song won an Academy Award, a Grammy Award, and a Golden Globe for Best Original Song, as well as the Brit Award for British Single of the Year. After taking a three-year break, Adele released her third studio album, 25, in 2015. It became the year's best-selling album and broke first-week sales records in the UK and US. 25 was her second album to be certified diamond in the US and earned her five Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year, and four Brit Awards, including British Album of the Year. The lead single, "Hello", became the first song in the US to sell over one million digital copies within a week of its release. Her third concert tour, Adele Live 2016, visited Europe, North America and Oceania, and concluded with finale concerts at Wembley Stadium in late June 2017.[7]

Ozuna is a Spanish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Tonny Tun Tun  (born Juan Castro; March 4, 1977) is a Puerto Rican singer, songwriter and record producer. He first became involved in music while attending Carolina's Escuela Libre de Musica, where he played with a local philharmonic orchestra. He joined Victor Roque and La Gran Manzana. After participating in Grupomania, Tony Tun Tun began composing for the merengue.

He debuted as a solo artist with the release of Caminando, singing its title song. In 2001, Juan Castro returned with Con la Música Por Dentro and "Afrodisiaco" in 2004. He has made guest appearances in reggaeton hits' "Mayor Que Yo" (2005) and "Noche de Entierro - Nuestro Amor se acabo" (2006).[2]

Dyland & Lenny were a Puerto Rican reggaeton duo, consisting of Carlos Castillo Cruz (Dyland) and Julio Manuel González Tavarez (Lenny). Both had planned to become basketball players before making a career in music. They started their career in 2009. With Sony music, the duo made their debut with the album (My World) in 2010. The album was produced by Luny Tunes. and In 2013, the duo released their second studio album called (My World 2: The Secret Code), which contains collaborations with various artists such as J Alvarez, Pitbull, Yomo, Victor Manuelle, among others. Their biggest hits are "Nadie Te Amará Como Yo", "Quiere Pa' Que Te Quieran", "Caliente" and "Pégate Más".[1]  In 2009, they were also featured guests on "Rompiendo Cadenas," lead single from Latin Grammy Award winner Ana Bárbara. In 2010, they release a remix to "Quiere Pa' Que Te Quieran" with Ivy Queen.

Their second album, "My World 2: The Secret Code" was released on February 12, 2013. At the end of 2013 the separation of the duo was confirmed, Lenny Tavarez who is preparing his solo album, has an approach with producers Los De La Nazza, who include it in the mixtape El Imperio Nazza: Top Secret Edition. Lenny Tavárez had released some of his solo songs such as "La Nena" "Fantasias" and "Tortura". In 2016, he released another single entitled, "Si Tu Cama Hablara" featuring fellow Puerto Rican,  Cosculluela.

Collaborations

"Down" is the first single released from the debut album of the reggaeton duo R.K.M & Ken-Y, Masterpiece (2006). "Down" is sung in both English and Spanish languages. The song wasn't supposed to be a single, but due to its massive radio airplay and popularity, it became the album's second single, after "Damé Lo Que Quiero". The song was composed by Wise and Rafael Pina Nieves and produced by Mambo Kingz.



Juan Carlos Ozuna Rosado (born March 13, 1992),[1] known simply by his surname Ozuna, is a Puerto Rican reggaeton and Latin trap singer,[2] regarded as the "New King of Reggaeton".[3][4] All of his studio albums have reached the top of the Billboard Top Latin Albums, with Aura charting at number seven on the Billboard 200. His musical style is primarily reggaeton and trap, but he has collaborated with artists spanning a variety of genres, including reggae, bachata, and EDM.

Born and raised in San Juan, Puerto Rico, he decided to become a singer at age 12, drawing influence from the Latin genres of reggaeton, salsa, and bachata. He made his musical debut in 2012 with the song "Imaginando", which attracted the attention of recording labels and led to collaborations with Daddy Yankee and Anuel AA. He released several singles before signing with Sony Music Latin in 2017, who funded the recording of his debut album Odisea. His second studio album Aura, released on August 24, 2018, debuted at number seven on the US Billboard 200. His 2018 collaboration with DJ Snake, Cardi B, and Selena Gomez on "Taki Taki" reached number eleven on the US Billboard Hot 100. He released his third studio album, Nibiru on November 29, 2019.

Since the beginning of his career, he has sold around 15 million records, making him one of the best-selling Latin music artists of all time.[5] Ozuna has the most one billion-view videos on YouTube of any artist[6] and has received five Billboard Music Award, twelve Billboard Latin Music Awards, four Guinness World Records, among other accolades.[7] In 2018, Time included him on their annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world.[8] He made his acting debut in the film Que León.[9]

Arcángel & De La Ghetto are a Puerto Rican reggaeton duo, which consist of Austin "Arcángel" Santos and Rafael "De La Ghetto" Castillo.

Arcángel and De La Ghetto duo began when they met in a studio in San Juan, Puerto Rico. After many hits and shows, they decided to break up the duo and pursue their talents as solo artists. They still make songs together on occasion but are no longer a duo.[1] After launching his career and gaining notability, De La Ghetto collaborated with J Balvin, Reykon, Yelsid, Zion, Daddy Yankee, Héctor "El Father", Jowell & Randy, Don Omar, Tito "El Bambino", Ivy Queen, Yaga & Mackie, Tego Calderón, Ñejo & Dalmata, Alexis & Fido, and Voltio, among others. De La Ghetto became known in 2005 with the single "Ven Pégate", a duet with Arcángel on the reggaeton compilation Sangre Nueva, which opened doors allowing him to participate in later reggaeton compilation albums.

Frank Reyes born June 4, 1969, he is one of the best known bachata artists, famous throughout Latin America. He was born in the town of Tenares in the Dominican Republic. Reyes discovered his musical talent when he was a young boy. He and his brothers started their own musical group and had great singing talent. When he was only 12 years old, he decided to travel to Santo Domingo where he worked hard and had many jobs, always dreaming of having his own business.

As he got older he recorded his first album Tu serás mi reina and became the self-appointed "prince of bachata" (El príncipe de la bachata).



Gabriel Antonio Cruz Padilla (born 1981 in Bayamón, Puerto Rico), popularly known as Wise or ("Wise" The Gold Pen, formerly Wise Da 'Gangsta'), is a composer, singer and producer in Puerto Rico. At the age of 12, 1993, he composed, "Hasta el Sol De Hoy", for the salsa musician, Edgar Joel.

At this moment in time, his heart and mind made him see that, “Gabriel Cruz”, had all the potential and talent to create music. He started his career as a composer of different musical genres, among which we can mention, salsa, merengue, Latin pop, reggaeton, trap, and urban music, among others.

In his career as a composer, he consolidates as the "Hit Maker" of more success in the Tropical and Urban genre industry. His compositions are perceived as a guarantee to success; statistics certify his songs with a 96% chance of placing among the top 10 positions in the radio and sales lists. In the last few years, out of fifteen topics scrutinized, eleven songs of WISE authorship reached the first place within the prestigious Billboard magazine lists in 4 categories: Hot Latin Song, Latin Rhythm Airplay, Latin Tropical Airplay and Latin Pop Airplay. With these fifteen songs he also achieved 27 positions among the first 10 places on these billboards. WISE is president and owner of "The Gold Pen Music llc." in which he currently works with new talents.

"The Gold Pen", as the well-known singer-songwriter has created emblematic and successful themes that add to the legacy of this young musical genius, as the only composer to simultaneously place five songs in the top positions on the Billboard. Currently, WISE is heard on international radios with new hits under his authorship, such as "Hoy lo siento", a song that has become the most played on nationwide radio, occupying the first positions internationally interpreted by Zion and Lennox feat. Tony Dize, as well as with "Diosa De Los Corazones" played by RKM and Ken-y, Arcangel, Zion and Lennox, another example of the way in which WISE reaches the number one position in the prestigious lists of Billboard as a guarantee of your work Some topics composed by Wise such as:

Sentimiento, Elegancia, & Maldad (S.E.M.) (English: Sentiment, Elegance, & Malice) is the second studio album by singer-songwriter Arcángel. It was released on November 19, 2013, by Pina Records. The first single from the album, "Hace Mucho Tiempo", was released on June 21, 2013.

All solo tracks wrote by Austin Santos, except the track "Lentamente" (wrote by Gabriel Cruz).

The first video of the album S.E.M., of the single "Hace Mucho Tiempo", was recorded in Paris and Italy in June, directed by Gustavo Camacho and set to release in July.

sales+streaming figures based on certification alone

Yoskar "El Prabu" Sarante (2 January 1970 – 28 January 2019) was a prominent Dominican bachata singer.

Yoskar Sarante, born in 1970, was one of the most popular singers of new bachata of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic. Born of the union of his parents Domingo and Ramona Sarante Ventura, he was the second son of the family, but he was the first to be linked to art. According to Yoskar Sarante, the young artist said that as a child he would walk with his father in parks and public squares singing while his father accompanied him on guitar, and that's how they made their living. He took his first steps into merengue and belonged to the International Grupo Melao a merengue band in the Dominican Republic. Yoskar Sarante participated in several competitions for children, highlighting the most popular program of the season "Mundo Infantil."[1] He worked with the nueva bachata movement, and was included on compilations such as Bachata Tipico and The Rough Guide to Bachata. During his career, he was invited to sing for the mayor at the New York Mets stadium, which gained him some acclaim in the United States. He was widely known internationally,[2] and his music deals with romantic topics.

On January 28, 2019, he died due to a pulmonary fibrosis in a hospital in Orlando, Florida.[3]

Clase Aparte is the second studio album by Yaga & Mackie.



La Zista (Maidel Amador Canales) is one of few female reggaeton singer.[1]

From Loíza, Puerto Rico, several members of her family are also musicians.[1] She got a big break at the age of 19 when she appeared on the television programme La Casa Under, and since signed to Machete Music, releasing her debut album in 2006.[1]

Welcome to the Jungle is the debut studio album by Franco "El Gorila" released on April 21, 2009 in Puerto Rico and April 28, 2009 in the United States.

The album debuted at #17[2] on the U.S. Billboard Top Latin Albums and it has so far peaked at #5, making it a success.

Alexis Alejandro Gotay Pérez (born June 22, 1985) known artistically as Gotay, is a singer and songwriter from Puerto Rico. He was born in Brooklyn to a Puerto Rican family, and eventually moved with them to the city of Bayamón, Puerto Rico. Their album "El Del Vibrato" and its subject "Real Love" He held the No. 1 position on several charts in Latin America, came to the top of many radio stations in the United States and Puerto Rico, and was in the top 20 of the Billboard Latin Rhythm of the magazine. Gotay publishes with the record company Autentik Music.[1]

Andrés Felipe Rivera Galeano (born October 28, 1994) known professionally as Andy Rivera is a Colombian urbano singer. He is the son of popular Colombian singer Jhonny Rivera.

Andrés Felipe Rivera Galeano was born in Pereira, Colombia. He is the son of Colombian singer Jhonny Rivera and Luz Galeano. He started following his musical career with his dad at the age of 12, in his free time he dedicated himself to vocalization and playing the piano.

His dad wanted him to lead a singing career but instead, he chose to be a reggaeton artist.[2] His first song was supported by his friend Pipe Calderon and his producer Dj Cano and made the song "En Busca Con Ella".

He started getting national fame with his hit "Te Pintaron Pajaritos" alongside Yandar & Yostin, which surpassed 17 million views on YouTube. He then had success in countries like Argentina, Chile, Spain, Ecuador, Venezuela, Peru, and of course his home country Colombia.

Other reasons this message may be displayed:

Miguel Ántonio de Jesús, also known as Guelo Star, is a Puerto Rican reggaeton rapper, singer, lyricist, occasional producer and promoter.

He began his music career writing and producing for other artists, establishing himself in the world of reggaeton and rap. Initially, he was a part duo of Jamsha & Guelo Star: Los Puti-Puerkos. He started out working with DJ Blass on albums like @ria 51: Aliados Al Escuadron (1999) and Reggaeton Sex Vol. 2 (2000). In 2007, he joined forces with duos, Jaime Borges and Héctor Padilla (J-King & Maximan), and Randy Ortiz and Joel Muñoz (Jowell & Randy) and were taken on by the reggaeton producer of White Lion Records, Elías De León. They later became known as "Los Leones".

Their first special studio/compilation album was released on June 26, 2007, and their single hit song No Te Veo reached #4 in The Billboard Hot Latin Charts.

As of 2008 Los Leones stopped performing as a group, however, since this was a result of poor contract negotiation and not of any animosity within the group, sometimes they meet . The then ex-5 members are still signed by White Lion and still have a close working relationship. Later in 2008 He has been the person in charge of writing several themes of the musical album of the De La Ghetto in his debut titled massacre musical.[1] Over the years, Miguel de Jesus Cruz, the singer's first name, has been part of some of the most popular hits. Winner of three consecutive years of the ASCAP Award as composer of the year for songs like "Soy una gargola" by Randy (2007), "Siente el boom" by Tito "El Bambino" feat. Randy (2007), "No te veo" (2007) and "Quitarte to '" by Tego Calderón feat. Randy (2008), Guelo Star returns to his position as one of the most relevant composers of the moment when he composed one of the most successful songs of the moment, "Amame o matame", performed by Ivy Queen and Don Omar. After the incredible acceptance of his compositions and after months of negotiations, his management office, GLAD Empire, was able to close the business with Universal Music Publishing Group, for the editorial management of its extraordinary catalog.[2]

The Bad Boy: The Most Wanted Edition is a compilation album by former reggaeton artist Héctor "El Father". It was released on October 9, 2007.[1] The album features guest appearances from Ednita Nazario, Ken-Y, Polaco, Wisin & Yandel, Jowell & Randy, Yomo, Naldo, Omega and Toby Love.[2] The album was supported by the single "Pa' La Tumba" which was released alongside the album on October 9, 2007.

This two-CD best-of carries the Don Omar seal of approval, along with five tracks performed by the reggaeton superstar, includes "Señor de La Noche" and "Anda Sola". Other performers on the packed talent roster include the gravel-voiced Franco "El Gorila", with "Baila Sola", Cosculluela with "El Bandolero", and TNT with "Dios Te Libre".

"El Amor" (English: "Love") is a song by Puerto Rican singer Tito El Bambino. It was composed by Tito and Joan Ortiz and released on February 9, 2009 as the second single from his third studio album, El Patrón (2009). The song blends the sounds of Latin pop with cumbia and merengue. A regional Mexican and a salsa version were recorded and included on the special edition of the album.

The song became a huge success in the United States reaching number one on both the Billboard Top Latin Songs chart and Billboard Tropical Songs chart. It also charted in Mexico and Venezuela. It also received several awards and nominations at various award shows between 2009 and 2010.

"El Amor" was written by Tito and Joan Ortiz, produced by Nérol, and arranged by Roberto Cora.[1] Lyrically, the song speaks about the appreciation of love even if it blinds a person.[2] Musically, the song combines the sounds of Latin pop and cumbia.[3] In addition to the original track, Tito re-recorded the song with Jenni Rivera, La India, and Yolandita Monge separately.[4] For his recording with La India, the song was recorded in salsa.[5] Tito's duets with India and Rivera were included on the special edition of the album, El Patrón: La Victoría.[6]

The song was released on February 9, 2009 on radio stations in the United States and across Latin America by Siente Music, a subdivision of Universal Music Latin Entertainment and Venemusic.[7] A music video was made to promote the single.[8] The salsa version with La India was released digitally on August 31, 2009 as a single.[9] On the Billboard Radio Songs chart, the song debuted at number 73 on the week of May 16, 2009 and peaked at number 72 on the week of June 6, 2009.[10][11] On the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart, the song debuted at number 49 on the week of February 28, 2009. It reached number one for the week of May 16, 2009, replacing "Tú No Eres Para Mi" by Fanny Lu and later succeeded by Makano for "Te Amo".[12][13] On the Billboard Latin Pop Songs chart, the song debuted at number 39 on the week of March 14, 2009 and peaked at number three on the week of May 30, 2009.[14][15] On the Billboard Tropical Songs chart, the song debuted at number 17 on the week of February 28, 2009. It reached number one for the week of April 18, 2009, replacing "Por un Segundo" by Aventura, and later succeeded by Gilberto Santa Rosa for "Llegó El Amor".[16][17] On the Billboard Latin Rhythm Airplay chart, the song debuted at number 14 on the week of February 28, 2009. It reached number one for the week of April 18, 2009 replacing "Me Estás Tentando" by Wisin & Yandel featuring Nesty "La Mente Maestra" and was later succeeded by Aventura featuring Akon and Wisin & Yandel for "All Up 2 You".[18][19] "El Amor" ended 2009 as the second-best performing song of the year.[20] Outside of the United States, the song was successful in Mexico and Venezuela becoming a top-10 hit in both countries.[21][22]

Héctor Elpidio Acosta Restituyo, better known as Héctor Acosta "el Torito" (Héctor Acosta "The Little Bull") or simply Héctor Acosta, is a Dominican performer of merengue and bachata music. Acosta was the lead singer for the Dominican band Los Toros Band (The Bull Band).[1] Following his departure from the band, he released his debut album Sigo Siendo Yo (Still Being Me) in 2006. Its lead single "Me Voy" ("I'm Going") was written by Anthony Santos and it peaked at number 48 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart.[2] In 2008, Acosta released his second album Mitad/Mitad (Half/Half) and it features a cover of Jorge Celedón's song "Sin Perdón" which became a number one hit on the Tropical Songs chart.[2] In the same year, Acosta and Celedón performed a duet titled "Me Vió Llorar" ("She Saw Me Crying") which also reached number one on the Tropical Songs chart.[3] The album was certified gold by the RIAA for shipping 30,000 copies in the US.[4] His next albums Simplemente el Torito (Simply the Little Bull) (2009) and Obligame (Obligate Me) (2010) were also certified gold for shipping 50,000 and 30,000 copies respectively.[4] Obligame received a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Contemporary Tropical Album.[5] In 2012, he released his fifth studio album Con el Corazon Abierto (With the Open Heart) and its lead single "Tu Veneno" ("Your Poison") became his third number-one single on the Tropical Songs chart.[3]

Other reasons this message may be displayed:



José Fernando Cosculluela Suárez, professionally known as Cosculluela,[1] is a Puerto Rican singer and songwriter. In 2018, Cosculluela was caught up in a controversy after fellow Puerto Rican rapper Anuel AA released a diss track.[2]

Cosculluela was born on October 15, 1980, to a Cuban father and a Puerto Rican mother. He came from an upper-class family and was raised in the gated community of Palmas del Mar. At a young age, Cosculluela became interested in tennis and eventually played for his high school, Colegio San Antonio Abad. He also developed passions for golf and surfing.

At the age of sixteen, Cosculluela began producing underground mixtapes with his brother Jaime and his friends. After a few years of recording underground, popular Reggaeton producer DJ Buddha found out about Consculluela's talents in a San Jose studio. Buddha was working with well-known Latin hip hop producer Echo at the time. DJ Buddha selected Cosculluela to replace rapper Tempo in the hip hop group Buddha's Family. Cosculluela gained national recognition in 2004 with his underground demo "Este Es Mi Momento" and for his frequent collaborations with Yomo. Echo eventually signed Cosculluela to his label, Invasion Music.

José Fernando Morales Rivera (born August 19, 1984), known as Kendo Kaponi, is a Puerto Rican rapper and actor.

In 2018, he was arrested in Coamo, Puerto Rico on charges of armed burglary and assault in Florida.[1]

Kaponi's life was tragic in many ways. With no family to care for him, he had begun to live in foster homes from when he was 7 years old. His parents were drug addicts.  He discovered his father's identity at same father's funeral.[2]  In prison from the age of 13, at 19, he attempted suicide at the age of 16. When released from prison, he participated in a program at Vida Independiente (Independent life) until he was 21, where he studied to be a barber.[2] When he was released from prison, he lived with his rehabilitated mother, but only for six months when she died of AIDS.[2] He has two daughters.[2]

Kaponi has released one studio álbum, El Alfa & El Omega in 2018. He is also known for participating in productions with Don Omar such as Don Omar Presents: Meet the Orphans, which include El Duro, Viviendo Con el Enemigo, and RX.[3] He was also involved in a diss battle against Baby Rasta, Cosculluela[4] and Arcángel.[5]

"Sigueme y Te Sigo" (English: "Follow Me and I Follow You") is a song by Puerto Rican artist Daddy Yankee. It is the second single from his upcoming studio album El Disco Duro, scheduled to be released during early 2017.[1] It was written by Daddy Yankee, Luis "Wichi" Ortíz and Chris Jeday (who is also the producer). The song received two Latin Grammy Awards nominations and won a Latin American Music Award for Favorite Urban Song in 2015.

The official music video was released on May 11 through his Vevo channel. The theme of the video features a live singer at a school dance, with the king and queen to be chosen according to how many followers they have in social networks, hence the title of the song, although the lyrics are not centred in social networks. The music video has reached 510 million views.





Javid David Álvarez Fernández (born December 13, 1983) known artistically as J Alvarez is a Puerto Rican reggaeton singer, best known for hit singles such as "Junto Al Amanecer", "La Pregunta", and "Esa Boquita". Both of his parents are immigrants from the Dominican Republic and moved to Puerto Rico before Alvarez was born.

Alvarez was born in Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico. His mother and father are both from the Dominican Republic. When Alvarez was 12 years old he sang in front of several of his classmates and teachers, his first ever song "Lo Que Ella Trae" (What She Brings). He listened to many artists from the reggaeton genre, and paid much respect to artist Tego Calderon and Benji Gonzalez.[2] Then, through his cousin, he met with DJ Nelson, and a working chemistry soon emerged between the two. He was then signed to Flow Music in 2009. Later that year, his debut album El Dueño Del Sistema was released. A special edition was later released on January 7, 2010. Otro Nivel De Musica, his second studio album was released on September 20, 2011 and featured the hit single "La Pregunta". A special edition was later released on May 1, 2012, titled  Otro Nivel De Musica Reloaded. This album was very well received among fans and was nominated for Best Urban Music Album at the 2012 Latin Grammy Awards.[3] On April 24, 2019, Alvarez headlined the Billboard Sounds Showcase in Las Vegas.[4][5]

On February 18, 2015, he released his third studio album entitled De Camino Pa' La Cima, which would debut at #2 in its second week on Top Latin Albums.[6] It features collaborations from Mackie, Zion, and Daddy Yankee.

J Alvarez has more than 25 million followers on social media and has released the album in 2018 titled "La Fama Que Camina", singles from this album such as "Esa Boquita", which also has a remix with Zion y Lennox, Haters, and the single "De La Mia Personal". In November 2018, the Recording Industry Association of America certified that the single, "De La Mia Personal", had reached gold/platinum status.[7] J Alvarez tours Europe, Colombia, and the United States.[5]

Los Rompe Discotekas is a 2006 compilation album by Hector "El Father". This album was released under the Roc-A-Fella Records label and under contract with Jay-Z. Popular singles include "Here We Go Yo" by Hector "El Father" featuring Jay-Z, "Yomo Dele" by Yomo featuring Fat Joe, and "El Teléfono" by Hector "El Father" and Wisin & Yandel. The album has sold over one million copies. A remixed version of the album was released as El Rompe Discoteka: The Mix Album.

^shipments figures based on certification alone

El Rompe Discoteka: The Mix Album is a 2007 compilation album by Hector "El Father".[9]

Invicto is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tito El Bambino, released on November 19, 2012 by On Fire Music. The songs "Dame La Ola" and "Por Qué Les Mientes", a duet with Marc Anthony, are the first two singles of the album. "Tu Olor" was released as the third single.[1] Invicto won the Lo Nuestro Award for Urban Album of the Year.[2]





^shipments figures based on certification alone

Ozuna is a Spanish surname. Notable people with the surname include:





The Eiffel Tower (/ˈaɪfəl/ EYE-fəl; French: tour Eiffel [tuʁ‿ɛfɛl] (listen)) is a wrought-iron lattice tower on the Champ de Mars in Paris, France. It is named after the engineer Gustave Eiffel, whose company designed and built the tower.

Constructed from 1887 to 1889 as the entrance to the 1889 World's Fair, it was initially criticised by some of France's leading artists and intellectuals for its design, but it has become a global cultural icon of France and one of the most recognisable structures in the world.[3] The Eiffel Tower is the most-visited paid monument in the world; 6.91 million people ascended it in 2015.



The Place de la Concorde (French: [plas də la kɔ̃kɔʁd]) is one of the major public squares in Paris, France. Measuring 7.6 ha (19 acres) in area, it is the largest square in the French capital. It is located in the city's eighth arrondissement, at the eastern end of the Champs-Élysées. It was the site of many notable public executions, including the execution of King Louis XVI, during the French Revolution.

The place was designed by Ange-Jacques Gabriel in 1755 as a moat-skirted octagon between the Champs-Elysées to the west and the Tuileries Garden to the east. Decorated with statues and fountains, the area was named the Place Louis XV to honor the king at that time. The square showcased an equestrian statue of the king, which had been commissioned in 1748 by the city of Paris, sculpted mostly by Edmé Bouchardon, and completed by Jean-Baptiste Pigalle after the death of Bouchardon.

At the north end, two magnificent identical stone buildings were constructed. Separated by the rue Royale, these structures remain among the best examples of Louis Quinze style architecture. Initially, the eastern building served as the French Naval Ministry. Shortly after its construction, the western building became the opulent home of the Duc d'Aumont. It was later purchased by the Comte de Crillon, whose family resided there until 1907. The famous luxury Hôtel de Crillon, which currently occupies the building, took its name from its previous owners.

Original file ‎(3,204 × 2,400 pixels, file size: 838 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.

The following other wikis use this file:

Original file ‎(829 × 1,105 pixels, file size: 100 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

This work is in the public domain in its country of origin and other countries and areas where the copyright term is the author's life plus 70 years or fewer.

 You must also include a United States public domain tag to indicate why this work is in the public domain in the United States. Note that a few countries have copyright terms longer than 70 years: Mexico has 100 years, Jamaica has 95 years, Colombia has 80 years, and Guatemala and Samoa have 75 years. This image may not be in the public domain in these countries, which moreover do not implement the rule of the shorter term. Côte d'Ivoire has a general copyright term of 99 years and Honduras has 75 years, but they do implement the rule of the shorter term. Copyright may extend on works created by French who died for France in World War II (more information), Russians who served in the Eastern Front of World War II (known as the Great Patriotic War in Russia) and posthumously rehabilitated victims of Soviet repressions (more information).

Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.



Alexandre Gustave Eiffel (born Bonickhausen dit Eiffel;[5] /ˈaɪfəl/; French pronunciation: ​[efɛl]; 15 December 1832 – 27 December 1923) was a French civil engineer and architect. A graduate of the prestigious École Centrale des Arts et Manufactures of France, he made his name with various bridges for the French railway network, most famously the Garabit viaduct. He is best known for the world-famous Eiffel Tower, built for the 1889 Universal Exposition in Paris, and his contribution to building the Statue of Liberty in New York. After his retirement from engineering, Eiffel focused on research into meteorology and aerodynamics, making significant contributions in both fields.

Alexandre Gustave Eiffel was born in France, in the Côte-d'Or, the first child of Catherine-Mélanie (née Moneuse) and Alexandre Bonickhausen dit Eiffel.[6] He was a descendant of Jean-René Bönickhausen, who had emigrated from the German town of Marmagen and settled in Paris at the beginning of the 18th century.[7] The family adopted the name Eiffel as a reference to the Eifel mountains in the region from which they had come. Although the family always used the name Eiffel, Gustave's name was registered at birth as Bonickhausen dit Eiffel,[1]  and was not formally changed to Eiffel until 1880.[2][5]

At the time of Gustave's birth his father, an ex-soldier, was working as an administrator for the French Army; but shortly after his birth his mother expanded a charcoal business she had inherited from her parents to include a coal-distribution business, and soon afterwards his father gave up his job to assist her. Due to his mother's business commitments, Gustave spent his childhood living with his grandmother, but nevertheless remained close to his mother, who was to remain an influential figure until her death in 1878. The business was successful enough for Catherine Eiffel to sell it in 1843 and retire on the proceeds.[8] Eiffel was not a studious child, and thought his classes at the Lycée Royal in Dijon boring and a waste of time, although in his last two years, influenced by his teachers for history and literature, he began to study seriously, and he gained his baccalauréats in humanities and science.[9]
An important part in his education was played by his uncle, Jean-Baptiste Mollerat, who had invented a process for distilling vinegar and had a large chemical works near Dijon, and one of his uncle's friends, the chemist Michel Perret. Both men spent a lot of time with the young Eiffel, teaching him about everything from chemistry and mining to theology and philosophy.

The tallest structure in the City of Paris and the Île de France remains the Eiffel Tower in the 7th arrondissement,  300 meters high (or 324 m including the broadcasting antenna at its top), completed in 1889 as the gateway to the 1889 Paris Universal Exposition.  The tallest building in the Paris region is the Tour First, at 231 meters, located in La Defense.  It is tied for ninth place among the tallest buildings in the European Union.  The tallest building within the city limits of Paris is the Tour Montparnasse, 210 meters high.

The Eiffel Tower 324 meters (1889)

Tour First, 231 meters (1974)

Tour Montparnasse, 210 meters (1973)

Saint-Jean de Montmartre (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ ʒɑ̃ d(ə) mɔ̃.maʁtʁ]) is a Roman Catholic parish church located at 19 Rue des Abbesses in the 18th arrondissement of Paris.

Situated at the foot of Montmartre, it is notable as the first example of reinforced concrete in church construction. Built from 1894 through 1904, it was designed by architect Anatole de Baudot, a student of Viollet-le-Duc and Henri Labrouste. The brick and ceramic tile-faced structure exhibits features of Art Nouveau design while exploiting the superior structural qualities of reinforced concrete with lightness and transparency. The Art Nouveau stained glass was executed by Jac Galland according to the design of Pascal Blanchard. Interior sculpture was by Pierre Roche.

The reinforced concrete structure followed a system developed by the engineer Paul Cottancin.
Construction was attended by skepticism over the properties of the new material, which violated rules laid down for unreinforced masonry construction. A lawsuit delayed construction, resulting in a demolition order that was not resolved until 1902, when construction was resumed.

There is a guided tour of the church on every fourth Sunday of the month at 4:00 PM.





The Arc de Triomphe de l'Étoile (UK: /ˌɑːrk də ˈtriːɒmf, - ˈtriːoʊmf/,[3][4] US: /- triːˈoʊmf/,[5] French: [aʁk də tʁijɔ̃f də letwal] (listen); lit. '"Triumphal Arch of the Star"') is one of the most famous monuments in Paris, France, standing at the western end of the Champs-Élysées at the centre of Place Charles de Gaulle, formerly named Place de l'Étoile—the étoile or "star" of the juncture formed by its twelve radiating avenues. The location of the arc and the plaza is shared between three arrondissements, 16th (south and west), 17th (north) and 8th (east). The Arc de Triomphe honours those who fought and died for France in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, with the names of all French victories and generals inscribed on its inner and outer surfaces. Beneath its vault lies the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier from World War I.

As the central cohesive element of the Axe historique (historic axis, a sequence of monuments and grand thoroughfares on a route running from the courtyard of the Louvre to the Grande Arche de la Défense), the Arc de Triomphe was designed by Jean Chalgrin in 1806; its iconographic programme pits heroically nude French youths against bearded Germanic warriors in chain mail. It set the tone for public monuments with triumphant patriotic messages. Inspired by the Arch of Titus in Rome, Italy, the Arc de Triomphe has an overall height of 50 metres (164 ft), width of 45 m (148 ft) and depth of 22 m (72 ft), while its large vault is 29.19 m (95.8 ft) high and 14.62 m (48.0 ft) wide. The smaller transverse vaults are 18.68 m (61.3 ft) high and 8.44 m (27.7 ft) wide. Three weeks after the Paris victory parade in 1919 (marking the end of hostilities in World War I), Charles Godefroy flew his Nieuport biplane under the arch's primary vault, with the event captured on newsreel.[6][7][8]

The pont de Tolbiac is a bridge across the Seine in Paris built between 1879 and 1882 by H.P. Bernard, and J.D.A. Pérouse.  It crosses from the 12th to the 13th arrondissement, linking quai de Bercy to rue Neuve Tolbiac.  Its nearest Paris Metro station is Cour Saint-Émilion.

The pont de Tolbiac was built in a wave of urbanisation of eastern Paris in the second half of the 19th century.  The decision to build it was made in 1877 by a vote of the municipal council, in order to create an intermediate crossing in the long space between the existing Pont National and Pont de Bercy. The city financed the works, which began in 1879.  It was hit by a downed British plane in 1943.
In the 1990s it became the location for techno raves.

Total length of 168 metres (551 ft), five elliptical arches, 28m, 35m and 32m openings.

Original file ‎(3,473 × 2,315 pixels, file size: 3.95 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

العربية | беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ | čeština | Deutsch | English | español | فارسی | suomi | français | עברית | magyar | italiano | lietuvių | македонски | മലയാളം | Nederlands | polski | português | português do Brasil | русский | sicilianu | slovenčina | slovenščina | Türkçe | українська | 中文 | 中文（简体）‎ | 中文（繁體）‎ | +/−



Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.



The Pont d'Austerlitz is a bridge which crosses the Seine River in Paris, France. It owes its name to the battle of Austerlitz (1805).

The bridge links the 12th arrondissement at the rue Ledru-Rollin, to the 5th and 13th arrondissements, at the Jardin des Plantes.

The construction of the bridge came from a necessity to link the Faubourg Saint-Antoine on the right bank to the Jardin des Plantes on the left bank.  At the beginning of the 19th century the first bridge was constructed. In 1801, the engineer Becquey de Beaupré proposed a five-arched bridge.  In 1854, the bridge was judged dangerous and the width was increased to 18 meters (59 feet) and finally to 30 meters (98 feet).

The Galerie des machines (officially Palais des machines) was a pavilion built for the Exposition Universelle (1889) in Paris. Located in the Grenelle district, the huge pavilion was made of iron, steel and glass.

A similarly-named structure was erected for the 1878 exposition, but the 1889 version was by far the largest vaulted building to have yet been built. It was reused for the 1900 exposition, and later used as a velodrome, agricultural exhibition hall and for other purposes and was  demolished in 1910 to open up the view along the Champ de Mars.

The Galerie des machines was built for the Universal Exposition of 1889 at the foot of the Champ de Mars in front of the École Militaire. Its architect was Ferdinand Dutert,[1] assisted by the architects Blavette, Deglane and Eugène Hénard.[2] The responsible engineer was Victor Contamin, assisted by the engineers Charton and Pierron.[3] The structure was built by the Société des Forges de Fives-Lille and the Cail factory, and the masonry was erected by the M. Manoury company.

The Galerie des machines formed a huge glass and metal hall with an area of 115 by 420 metres (377 by 1,378 ft) and a height of 48.324 metres (158.54 ft), it was free of internal supports.[4] The framework consisted of twenty trusses.[5] The structure incorporated the three-pin hinged arch, developed for bridge building.[6]

Montparnasse – Bienvenüe (French pronunciation: ​[mɔ̃paʁnas bjɛ̃vəny]) is a station of the Paris Métro which is a transfer point between Line 4, Line 6, Line 12 and Line 13. The fourth busiest station on the Métro system, it is located in Montparnasse at the intersection of the 6th, 14th and 15th arrondissements.

The stations of Lines 4 and 12 are located to the north under the Boulevard du Montparnasse while those of Lines 6 and 13 are south under Boulevard de Vaugirard and l'Avenue du Maine respectively.

On 24 April 1906 the station opened as Montparnasse station in the Avenue du Maine at the southern end of the old Gare Montparnasse (at the site currently occupied by the Tour Montparnasse, before the station was moved south of the Avenue du Maine in the 1960s) with the opening of the extension of Line 2 Sud from Passy to Place d'Italie. On 14 October 1907 Line 2 Sud became part of Line 5. On 11 March 1910 the Montparnasse station was renamed Avenue du Maine and on 30 June 1933 it was again renamed, to Bienvenüe in honour of the principal engineer of the Paris Métro, Fulgence Bienvenüe (accounting for the unusual diaeresis in the station's name). On 12 October 1942 the section of Line 5 between Étoile and Place d'Italie, including Bienvenüe, was transferred from Line 5 to Line 6 in order to separate the underground and elevated sections of the Métro (because the latter were more vulnerable to air attack during World War II).

The Line 4 platforms opened as Montparnasse in the Boulevard du Montparnasse, near the main entrance of the old Gare Montparnasse (on its northern side) on 9 January 1910 as part of the connecting section of the line under the Seine between Châtelet and Raspail. The Line 12 platforms were opened in the Boulevard du Montparnasse on 5 November 1910 as part of the first section of the Nord-Sud Company's Line C from Porte de Versailles to Notre-Dame-de-Lorette. This line was taken over by the Compagnie du chemin de fer métropolitain de Paris and was renamed Line 12 on 27 March 1931. In 1913 a connection was opened between the  platforms of Lines 4 and Line 12 situated on the Boulevard du Montparnasse, both called Montparnasse.



The Pont Alexandre III is a deck arch bridge that spans the Seine in Paris. It connects the Champs-Élysées quarter with those of the Invalides and Eiffel Tower. The bridge is widely regarded as the most ornate, extravagant bridge in the city.[2][3] It is classified as a French monument historique since 1975.[4]

The Beaux-Arts style bridge, with its exuberant Art Nouveau lamps, cherubs, nymphs and winged horses at either end, was built between 1896 and 1900. It is named after Tsar Alexander III, who had concluded the Franco-Russian Alliance in 1892. His son Nicholas II laid the foundation stone in October 1896. The style of the bridge reflects that of the Grand Palais, to which it leads on the right bank.

The construction of the bridge is a marvel of 19th century engineering, consisting of a 6 metres (20 ft) high single span steel arch. The design, by the architects Joseph Cassien-Bernard [fr] and Gaston Cousin, was constrained by the need to keep the bridge from obscuring the view of the Champs-Élysées or the Invalides.

Charles Léon Stephen Sauvestre (26 December 1847 - 18 June 1919) was a French architect. He is notable for being one of the architects contributing to the design of the world-famous Eiffel Tower, built for the 1889 Universal Exposition in Paris, France.[1]

Sauvestre was born in Bonnétable, Sarthe in France in 1847. His father Charles Sauvestre was a writer, socialist, activist and teacher and his mother was a housewife. He graduated with first class honors from École Spéciale d'Architecture in 1868. He died in 1919.[2]

Sauvestre contributed to the design of the Eiffel Tower, adding the decorative arches to the base, a glass pavilion to the first level and the cupola at the top. He also chose the color of the tower. He received the support of Gustave Eiffel who bought the rights to the patent on the design which he had filed together with Maurice Koechlin and Émile Nouguier.[3][4]
He was also the head of the Architecture department Compagnie des Etablissements Eiffel[5]
[6]

Galerie des Machines



The Luxor Obelisks (French: Obélisque de Louxor) are a pair of Ancient Egyptian obelisks carved to stand either side of the portal of the Luxor Temple in the reign of Ramesses II. The left-hand obelisk remains in its location in Egypt, but the right-hand stone, 23 metres (75 ft) high, is now at the centre of the Place de la Concorde in Paris, France. The Luxor Obelisk in Paris was classified officially as a Monument historique in 1936; beneath it is the Métro station, Concorde. The obelisks are of yellow granite and inscribed with hieroglyphs in honour of the Pharaoh Ramesses II.

The 3,000 year-old obelisks were originally both situated outside of Luxor Temple. The Parisian example first arrived in Paris on 21 December 1833, having been shipped from Luxor via Alexandria and Cherbourg,[1] and three years later, on 25 October 1836, was moved to the centre of Place de la Concorde by King Louis-Phillipe. It had been given to France by Muhammad Ali Pasha, ruler of Ottoman Egypt in exchange for a French mechanical clock. After the Obelisk was taken, the mechanical clock provided in exchange was discovered to be faulty, having probably been damaged during transport. The clock still exists in a clock-tower at Cairo Citadel and is still not working.[citation needed]

The granite obelisk rises 23 metres (75 ft) high, including the base, and weighs over 250 metric tons (280 short tons). Given the technical limitations of the day, transporting it was no easy feat: The French government ordered a purpose-built seagoing freighter built by the Toulon naval yard; this 49 metres long, flat bottomed, three masted ship named the Louqsor was sailed up the Nile to Luxor where 300 workmen dug a canal to allow the ship to come close to the obelisk. The French seamen then lowered the obelisk with an array of blocks and tackles, yardarms and capstans. In August 1832, the French paddle ship Sphinx sailed to Alexandria to rendezvous there with the barge Louqsor, which was to load the obelisk and bring it to Paris. Sphinx then towed Louqsor back to France. The ships departed on 1 April 1833 and reached Toulon on 10 May. The ships arrived at Cherbourg on 12 August 1833. The re-erection of the obelisk on the Place de la Concorde during a ceremony carefully planned by King Louis-Philippe I was not an easy engineering feat either. This successful French transport operation predates the eventful transport of Cleopatra's Needle by the British by more than thirty years.



The Jardin du Luxembourg (French pronunciation: ​[ʒaʁdɛ̃ dy lyksɑ̃buːʁ]), also known in English as the Luxembourg Gardens, is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France. It was created beginning in 1612 by Marie de' Medici, the widow of King Henry IV of France, for a new residence she constructed, the Luxembourg Palace. The garden today is owned by the French Senate, which meets in the Palace. It covers 23 hectares and is known for its lawns, tree-lined promenades, flowerbeds, model sailboats on its circular basin, and picturesque Medici Fountain, built in 1620.[1] The name Luxembourg comes from the Latin Mons Lucotitius, the name of the hill where the garden is located.[2]

In 1611, Marie de' Medici, the widow of Henry IV and the regent for the King Louis XIII decided to build a palace in imitation of the Pitti Palace in her native Florence.   She purchased the hotel du Luxembourg (today the Petit-Luxembourg palace) and began construction of the new palace.  She commissioned Salomon de Brosse to build the palace and a fountain, which still exists.  In 1612 she planted 2,000 elm trees,  and directed a series of gardeners, most notably Tommaso Francini, to build a park in the style she had known as a child in Florence.[3] Francini planned two terraces with balustrades and parterres laid out along the axis of the chateau, aligned around a circular basin.   He also built the Medici Fountain to the east of the palace as a nympheum, an artificial  grotto and fountain, without its present pond and statuary.   The original garden was just eight hectares in size.[4]

In 1630 she bought additional land and enlarged the garden to thirty hectares, and entrusted the work to Jacques Boyceau de la Barauderie, the indendant of the royal gardens of Tuileries  and the early garden of Versailles.  He was one of the early theorists of the new and more formal garden à la française,  and he laid out a series of squares along an east-west alley closed at the east end by the Medici Fountain, and a rectangle of parterres with broderies of flowers and hedges in front of the palace. In the center he placed an octagonal basin with a fountain,  with a perspective toward what is now the Paris observatory.

The Place de l'Opéra is a square in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, at the junction of boulevard des Italiens, boulevard des Capucines, avenue de l'Opéra, rue Auber, rue Halévy, rue de la Paix and rue du Quatre-Septembre. It was built at the same time as the Opéra Garnier (designed by Charles Garnier), which is sited on it and after which it is named. Both structures were part of the Haussmannian redesign of Paris under Napoleon III of France.



The Perret tower, originally called La tour pour regarder les montagnes ("The tower for looking at the mountains"),[4] is an observation tower located in Grenoble, in the Paul Mistral public park. It is the first tower built in reinforced concrete in Europe.[5] In 1998, it was officially declared to be a national heritage site.[6] It was built for the International Exhibition of Hydropower and Tourism[7] where it was the orientation tower and the symbol of the exhibition. Nowadays, it is the last vestige of this exhibition.[7]

Perret tower stands 95 metres (312 ft) tall. Its section is octagonal. Its foundations are 15 metres (49 ft) long,[8] made of 72 vertical stakes in reinforced concrete[8] gathered at the top by a slab and placed on a hard gravel layer. The framework is compound of eight vertical poles.[6] The tower diameter is 8 metres (26 ft) at the base.[9]
The last floor is reachable by helical stairs (visible in the top openwork part) or by lift.[6]

Auguste Perret, with the assistance of Marie Dormoy, art critic, came to Grenoble for two years, to do conferences and meet political and artistic circles in order to promote a "reinforced concrete order"; a reference to the antique orders.

Thérèse Peltier (1873 – 1926), born Thérèse Juliette Cochet, was a French sculptor and early aviation pioneer. Popularly believed to have been the first ever female passenger in an airplane, she may also have been the first woman to pilot an aircraft. A friend of fellow sculptor Leon Delagrange, when he became interested in aviation Peltier soon followed.[1]

Thérèse Peltier was born the daughter of a liquor distiller on September 26, 1873 in Orléans Loiret, France. In 1893, she married Marine doctor Alfred Peltier of Paris, where she would reside for most of her life. Peltier began to take sculpture lessons and exhibit in numerous salons. In 1908 she received the sculpture prize from the Union of Women Painters and Sculptors, which was the first society of female artists in France.[2] Peltier specialized in wax sculpture and was included along with Delagrange and a group of other wax sculptors in a 1902 profile in The Literary Digest.[3]

On 8 July 1908 in Turin, Peltier flew as a passenger with Delagrange for a distance of 200 metres (656 feet). She is widely believed to have been the first female passenger on an airplane; however Henri Farman is reported[1] to have flown or tried to fly[4] with a Mlle P. Van Pottelsberghe in Ghent, Belgium in late May. Delagrange taught Peltier how to fly his Voisin 1907 biplane and she completed a number of solo flights, although she never earned her pilot's license.[5] After a few training sessions, she flew alone for the first time in Issy-le-Moulineaux.[2] The feat was recounted in L’Aérophile:

The passenger was not illegal and, in the space of a flight, she became famous: Thérèse Peltier can be proud to be the first woman in the world to have taken to the skies… Four months ago in Issy-le-Moulineaux, Delagrange had embarked alongside his friend Henri Farman. Two men in the same ‘zinc,’ we had screamed madly. With a woman, we shout at the feat.[2]
The 1910 Great Flood of Paris (French: Crue de la Seine de 1910) was a catastrophe in which the Seine River, carrying winter rains from its tributaries, flooded the Paris conurbation, France. The Seine water level rose eight metres above the ordinary level.[1]

In the winter of 1909–1910, Paris and the surrounding area experienced higher than normal rainfall which saturated the ground and filled rivers to overflowing.  In January 1910, Parisians were preoccupied with daily life and lulled into a false sense of security because the Seine's waters level had risen and fallen again in December.  Consequently, they largely ignored reports of mudslides and flooding occurring upriver.  They were also slow to notice warnings signs within the city as the Seine's water level rose eight meters higher than normal,[2] its water began to flow much faster than normal, and large amounts of debris appeared.[3]  By late January, the Seine River flooded Paris when water pushed upwards from overflowing sewers and subway tunnels, then seeped into basements through fully saturated soil and from the sewer system that got backed up, which led to the basements of several buildings sustaining damage.[4]  The waters did not overflow the river's banks within the city, but flooded Paris through tunnels, sewers, and drains. These larger sewer tunnels were engineered by Baron Haussmann and Eugene Belgrand in 1878 which magnified the destruction caused by the flood in 1910.[5] In neighbouring towns both east and west of the capital, the river rose above its banks and flooded the surrounding terrain directly.

Winter floods were a normal occurrence in Paris but, on January 21, the river began to rise more rapidly than normal. This was seen as a sort of spectacle where people were actually standing in the streets watching the water rise in the Seine.[5] Over the course of the following week, thousands of Parisians evacuated their homes as water infiltrated buildings and streets throughout the city, shutting down much basic infrastructure. The infrastructure was more vulnerable to flooding because most of it was built within the sewage system in order to avoid cluttering the streets.[4]

Police, firefighters, and soldiers moved through waterlogged streets in boats to rescue stranded residents from second-story windows and to distribute aid. Refugees gathered in makeshift shelters in churches, schools, and government buildings. Although the water threatened to overflow the tops of the quay walls lining the river, workmen were able to keep the Seine back with hastily built levees.

The Fort Neuf de Vincennes ("New Vincennes Fort") is a fortification built on the grounds of the Château de Vincennes, on the east side of Paris. While the old chateau had been a significant fortification in its time, by 1840 there was a need for a modern fort at that location, capable of using and defending itself against artillery fire. A new bastioned fort was built to the east of the historic chateau.[1]

The fort remains the property of the Ministry of Defense, supporting a variety of Army activities. Public access is restricted. The fort houses the military archives of the Army, Navy and Air Force. The nearby chateau is a museum.

Built between 1841 and 1844, the Fort Neuf is one of seventeen forts built as part of the Thiers Wall fortifications for the defense of the capital. During the Siege of Paris (1870–1871) the fort was the headquarters for General Ribourt, in command of the area around Vincennes.

German spy Mata-Hari was executed at the fort on 15 October 1917.[2]

The Champ de Mars (French pronunciation: ​[ʃɑ̃ də maʁs] ; English: Field of Mars) is a large public greenspace in Paris, France, located in the seventh arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower to the northwest and the École Militaire to the southeast. The park is named after the Campus Martius ("Mars Field") in Rome, a tribute to the Latin name of the Roman God of war. The name alludes to the fact that the lawns here were formerly used as drilling and marching grounds by the French military.

The nearest Métro stations are La Motte-Picquet–Grenelle, École Militaire, and Champ de Mars-Tour Eiffel, an RER suburban-commuter-railway station. A disused station, Champ de Mars, is also nearby.

Originally, the Champ de Mars was part of a large flat open area called Grenelle, which was reserved for market gardening. Citizens would claim small plots and exploit them by growing fruits, vegetables, and flowers for the local market. However, the plain of Grenelle was not an especially fertile place for farming.

The construction, in 1765, of the École Militaire designed by Ange-Jacques Gabriel, was the first step toward the Champ de Mars in its present form. Grounds for military drills were originally planned for an area south of the school, the current location of the place de Fontenoy. The choice to build an esplanade to the north of the school led to the erection of the noble facade which today encloses the Champ de Mars. The planners leveled the ground, surrounded it with a large ditch and a long avenue of elms, and, as a final touch, the esplanade was enclosed by a fine grille-work fence.

Paris, the capital of France, has an annual 30 million foreign visitors, and so is one of the most visited cities in the world.[1] Paris' sights include monuments and architecture, such as its Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower and neo-classic Haussmannian boulevards and buildings as well as museums, operas and concert halls. There are also more modern attractions such as its suburban Disneyland Paris. With its many monument, the city is a symbol of French culture, and since the 2000s attracts nearly three million visitors per year.[2]

Coordinates: 48°51′49″N 02°18′37″E﻿ / ﻿48.86361°N 2.31028°E﻿ / 48.86361; 2.31028

The Pont des Invalides is the lowest bridge traversing the Seine in Paris.

The story of this bridge started in 1821, when engineer Claude Navier conceived a technologically revolutionary bridge that crossed the Seine in one single reach without any point of support in between. The proposed suspension bridge, the construction of which started in 1824, was meant to be erected opposite to the Hotel des Invalides on the site of the current Pont Alexandre III. Navier failed to leave a safety margin on top of his calculations, and the contract to build the bridge was unusually rigid. After Navier's plan had been approved by the private investment company, the contractor could not make changes without approval, and there was no authorization to suggest improvements.[1] The bridge became unsafe after cracking of the anchorages due to natural settling and additional movement after a water main break near the buttresses. The bridge had to be dismantled, and Navier was chastised by a government committee for relying too much on mathematics. He was even compared unfavorably to the accomplishments of (French rival) British bridge builders.[2]  After a settlement between the contractor and investors was reached, the raw materials were reused for other bridges, with designs to be provided by the head investor Alain Desjardins, which were widely seen as less elegant.[1]

In response to complaints from the defenders of the Invalides perspective, the Public Services decided to shift the bridge site downriver. Therefore, in 1829, two engineers, de Verges and Bayard de la Vingtrie, completed the construction of a proper suspension bridge supported by two piers in the Seine and three porticos, each 20 m in height.[3] Unfortunately, due to rapidly growing wear on the bridge, its access had to be regulated in 1850.

The Aiguille du Midi is a 3,842-metre-tall (12,605 ft) mountain in the Mont Blanc massif within the French Alps. It is a popular tourist destination and can be directly accessed by cable car from Chamonix that takes visitors close to Mont Blanc.[3]

The idea for a cable car to the summit, the Téléphérique de l'Aiguille du Midi, was originally proposed around 1909, but did not come into operation until 1955 when it held the title of the world's highest cable car for about two decades.[4] It still holds the record as the highest vertical ascent cable car in the world, from 1,035 to 3,842 m (3,396 to 12,605 ft).[2] There are two sections: from Chamonix to Plan de l'Aiguille at 2,317 m (7,602 ft) and then directly, without any support pillar, to the upper station at 3,777 m (the building contains an elevator to the summit). The span of the second section is 2,867 m (1.781 mi) measured directly, but only 2,500 m (1.6 mi) measured horizontally. Thus it remains the second longest span width, measured directly. The cable car travels from Chamonix to the top of the Aiguille du Midi – an altitude gain of over 2,800 m (9,200 ft) – in 20 minutes, costing around €60 for an adult-ticket from Chamonix and back.

The Aiguille summit contains a panoramic viewing platform, a café and a gift shop. Even in summer, temperatures in the open viewing areas can reach −10 °C (14 °F), and visitors require both warm clothing and protection from very bright sunlight.[5] Because of the danger, tourists are unable to leave the visitor facilities on the Midi's summit. However, mountaineers and skiers are able to pass through a tunnel to reach the steep and extremely exposed ice ridge to descend to the glacier below.[6]

In December 2013, a glass skywalk called "Step into the Void" opened at the top of the Aiguille du Midi peak. The view is 1,035 m (3,396 ft) straight down, and one can see Mont Blanc to the south.[7] A further tourist attraction called "Le Tube" opened in 2016. It consists of an enclosed tubular walkway that completely circles the summit.[8]

Jardins du Trocadéro (Gardens of the Trocadero) is an open space in Paris, located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, bounded to the northwest by the wings of the Palais de Chaillot and to the southeast by the Seine and the Pont d'Iéna, with the Eiffel Tower on the opposite bank of the Seine.

The main feature, called the Fountain of Warsaw, is a long basin, or water mirror, with twelve fountain creating columns of water 12 metres high; twenty four smaller fountains four metres high; and ten arches of water. At one end, facing the Seine, are twenty powerful water cannons, able to project a jet of water fifty metres. Above the long basin are two smaller basins, linked with the lower basin by cascades flanked by 32 sprays of water four meters high.  These fountains are the only exposition fountains which still exist today, and still function as they once did.  In 2011, the fountain's waterworks were completely renovated and a modern pumping system was installed. 

The entire site was formerly the garden of the original Palais du Trocadéro, laid out by Adolphe Alphand for the Exposition Universelle (1878).

The present garden has an area of 93,930 m2, and was created for the Exposition Internationale des Arts et Techniques dans la Vie Moderne (1937).  This was the design of Parisian architect Roger-Henri Expert. 
During the exposition in 1937, the pavillons of Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union were facing each other on opposite sides of the Jardins du Trocadéro.

Porte de Saint-Cloud ([pɔʁt də sɛ̃ klu]) is a station of line 9 the Paris Métro. The station opened on 28 September 1923 with the extension of the line from Exelmans. It was the terminus of the line until 1934, when it was extended to Pont de Sèvres. As a result, it still has four platforms. The station is named after the Porte de Saint-Cloud, a gate in the nineteenth century Thiers Wall of Paris, which led to the town of Saint-Cloud. It serves the Parc des Princes, home of Paris Saint-Germain F.C.

Street-level entrance at Porte de Saint-Cloud

Line 9 platforms at Porte de Saint-Cloud



Notre-Dame-des-Champs (French pronunciation: ​[notʁ(ə) dam de ʃã]) is a station on line 12 of the Paris Métro in the 6th arrondissement.

The station opened on 5 November 1910 as part of the original section of the Nord-Sud Company's line A between Porte de Versailles and Notre-Dame-de-Lorette. On 27 March 1931 line A became line 12 of the Métro. It is named after the nearby Notre-Dame des Champs Church on the Boulevard du Montparnasse and is designed by the architect and engineer Gustave Eiffel. In July 2018 After the France national football team; 2018 World Cup victory, the station was renamed as Notre Didier Deschamps,  the coach that led their team to victory.

This is the main access by subway to the allée Claude Cahun - Marcel Moore and the Alliance Française of Paris.

The station reflects the style of the Nord-Sud Company. The entrance is original. Like most stations on Line 12, the original tiling on the platform, originally by Boulenger & Co., was hidden behind a metal sheath (carrossage) for forty years. This was removed in 2008, and the entire station was retiled in a replica scheme approximating the original Nord-Sud decor.





The Eiffel Tower (/ˈaɪfəl/ EYE-fəl; French: tour Eiffel [tuʁ‿ɛfɛl] (listen)) is a wrought-iron lattice tower on the Champ de Mars in Paris, France. It is named after the engineer Gustave Eiffel, whose company designed and built the tower.

Constructed from 1887 to 1889 as the entrance to the 1889 World's Fair, it was initially criticised by some of France's leading artists and intellectuals for its design, but it has become a global cultural icon of France and one of the most recognisable structures in the world.[3] The Eiffel Tower is the most-visited paid monument in the world; 6.91 million people ascended it in 2015.



The Golden Gate is a strait on the west coast of North America that connects San Francisco Bay to the Pacific Ocean.[2] It is defined by the headlands of the San Francisco Peninsula and the Marin Peninsula, and, since 1937, has been spanned by the Golden Gate Bridge. The entire shoreline and adjacent waters throughout the strait are managed by the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.[3]

During the last Ice Age, when sea level was several hundred feet lower, the waters of the glacier-fed Sacramento River and the San Joaquin River scoured a deep channel through the bedrock on their way to the ocean. (A similar process created the undersea Hudson Canyon off the coast of New York and New Jersey.) The strait is well known today for its depth and powerful tidal currents from the Pacific Ocean. Many small whirlpools and eddies can form in its waters. With its strong currents, rocky reefs and fog, the Golden Gate is the site of over 100 shipwrecks.[citation needed]

The Golden Gate is often shrouded in fog, especially during the summer. Heat generated in the California Central Valley causes air there to rise, creating a low pressure area that pulls in cool, moist air from over the Pacific Ocean. The Golden Gate forms the largest break in the hills of the California Coast Range, allowing a persistent, dense stream of fog to enter the bay there.[4] Although there is no weather station on Golden Gate proper, the area has a mediterranean climate (Köppen Csb) with very narrow temperature fluctuations, cool summers and mild winters. For the nearest weather station see the weatherbox of San Francisco. The Golden Gate Bridge being nearer the ocean and at elevation indicate it being cooler during summer days. Nearer the San Francisco urban core, the temperatures resemble the official NOAA weather station instead.



San Francisco Bay is a shallow estuary in the US state of California. It is surrounded by a contiguous region known as the San Francisco Bay Area (often simply "the Bay Area"), and is dominated by the large cities of San Jose, San Francisco and Oakland.

San Francisco Bay drains water from approximately 40 percent of California. Water from the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers, and from the Sierra Nevada mountains, flow into Suisun Bay, which then travels through the Carquinez Strait to meet with the Napa River at the entrance to San Pablo Bay, which connects at its south end to San Francisco Bay. It then connects to the Pacific Ocean via the Golden Gate strait. However, this entire group of interconnected bays is often called the San Francisco Bay. The bay was designated a Ramsar Wetland of International Importance on February 2, 2012.

The bay covers somewhere between 400 and 1,600 square miles (1,000–4,000 km2), depending on which sub-bays (such as San Pablo Bay), estuaries, wetlands, and so on are included in the measurement.[3][4] The main part of the bay measures three to twelve miles (5–19 km) wide east-to-west and somewhere between 48 miles (77 km)1 and 60 miles (97 km)2 north-to-south.  It is the largest Pacific estuary in the Americas.

Gulf of the Farallones is a gulf of the Pacific Ocean off the northern California coast.[1] It extends westward from the opening of the San Francisco Bay and Drakes Bay to the Farallon Islands.  Most of the gulf lies in Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary, which protects about 1,250 square miles (3,200 km2).

The gulf is home to major shipping lines to the Port of San Francisco, Port of Oakland, and Port of Richmond. The gulf has also historically been used as a dumping ground for various types of waste, including dredging sediment, industrial waste, sunk vessels, and barrels of low-level nuclear waste.[2]  Around 47,800 barrels of nuclear waste were dumped between 1946 and 1970; their location was largely unknown until mapping and monitoring efforts in the 1990s.[3]

Farallones comes from the Spanish farallón meaning sea cliff and is a reference to the islands. Historical names for the gulf include Bahia De Puerto De San Francisco, Ensenada De Los Farallones, and La Bahia De Los Pinos.[4]

Coordinates: 37°45′02″N 122°45′06″W﻿ / ﻿37.7504857°N 122.7516535°W﻿ / 37.7504857; -122.7516535[4]

Bolinas Bay is a small bay, approximately 5 miles (8 km) long, on the Pacific coast of California in the United States. It is in Marin County, north of the Golden Gate, approximately 15 miles (25 km) northwest of San Francisco. The town of Bolinas is at its shore.

The bay is fed by Bolinas Lagoon, a large inner harbor protected from the main bay by a spit of land, known as Stinson Beach.

Along with nearby Drakes Bay, the bay is considered one of the possible landing spots of Francis Drake in 1579 during his circumnavigation of the world by sea.[citation needed]

Coordinates: 37°53′36″N 122°39′58″W﻿ / ﻿37.89333°N 122.66611°W﻿ / 37.89333; -122.66611



The San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge, known locally as the Bay Bridge, is a complex of bridges spanning San Francisco Bay in California. As part of Interstate 80 and the direct road between San Francisco and Oakland, it carries about 260,000 vehicles a day on its two decks.[3][4] It has one of the longest spans in the United States.

The toll bridge was conceived as early as the California Gold Rush days, but construction did not begin until 1933. Designed by Charles H. Purcell,[6][7] and built by American Bridge Company, it opened on Thursday, November 12, 1936, six months before the Golden Gate Bridge. It originally carried automobile traffic on its upper deck, with trucks, cars, buses and commuter trains on the lower, but after the Key System abandoned rail service, the lower deck was converted to all-road traffic as well. In 1986, the bridge was unofficially dedicated to James Rolph.[8]

The bridge has two sections of roughly equal length; the older western section, officially known as the Willie L. Brown Jr. Bridge (after former San Francisco Mayor and California State Assembly Speaker Willie L. Brown Jr.), connects downtown San Francisco to Yerba Buena Island, and the newer unnamed eastern section connects the island to Oakland. The western section is a double suspension bridge with two decks, westbound traffic being carried on the upper deck while eastbound is carried on the lower one. The largest span of the original eastern section was a cantilever bridge. During the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, a portion of the eastern section's upper deck collapsed onto the lower deck and the bridge was closed for a month. Reconstruction of the eastern section of the bridge as a causeway connected to a self-anchored suspension bridge began in 2002; the new eastern section opened September 2, 2013, at a reported cost of over $6.5 billion, a 2,500% cost overrun from the original estimate of $250 million (for a seismic retrofit of the existing span).[9][10]  Unlike the western section and the original eastern section of the bridge, the new eastern section is a single deck with the eastbound and westbound lanes on each side making it the world's widest bridge, according to Guinness World Records,[11] as of 2014. Demolition of the old east span was completed on September 8, 2018.[12]

The San Francisco Bay Discovery Site is a marker commemorating the first recorded European sighting of San Francisco Bay. In 1769, the Portola expedition traveled north by land from San Diego, seeking to establish a base at the Port of Monterey described by Sebastian Vizcaino in 1602. When they reached Monterey, however, they were not sure it was the right place and decided to continue north. The party reached San Pedro Creek on October 31 and camped there for four nights, while scouts led by José Francisco Ortega climbed Sweeney Ridge, where they could see over the ridge toward the east, and so became the first Europeans to see San Francisco Bay on November 1.

The scouts returned on November 3, and led the entire party up to the ridge on November 4. Franciscan missionary Juan Crespi noted in his diary, "from the summit of a peak we beheld the great estuary or arm of the sea."[4] After seeing the immense bay to the east, and having learned from the scouts that further progress to the north would be blocked by the Golden Gate, the party turned southeast and descended toward the bay.

Sweeney Ridge is located in northern San Mateo County and is now a part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.[5][6] The site is both a California Historical Landmark and a National Historic Landmark.[3][2] The spot chosen for the marker is somewhat arbitrary, as the precise location where Portola's party reached the summit of the ridge is not known. The landmarked area encompasses two of the highest knolls on the ridge.[5]

Many ships were wrecked in and around San Francisco Bay. During the centuries San Francisco Bay with its strong currents, rocky reefs and low fog conditions has become a place of more than a hundred shipwrecks. Ever since San Francisco Bay was discovered during land expedition by Gaspar de Portolà in 1769, it has been one of the most popular harbors.[1]

During the California Gold Rush, thousands of ships sailed in and out of San Francisco. The sea became the cheapest way of bringing goods to the growing city. From 1848 to 1869, ships carried to and from San Francisco 500,000 passengers. Many fishing and whaling vessels navigated the waters of San Francisco Bay. In the 1880s San Francisco was a whaling capital of the United States.[1]

Caroline Amelia, a Danish bark, wrecked on Mile Rocks on March 19, 1850. The Daily Alta California wrote:

Danish bark Caroline Amelia, which cleared on the 16th inst. for Costa Rica, was wrecked on the Mile Rocks in the offing yesterday morning. She was running for "the needles" when the breeze suddenly died away and a strong ebb tide set her in shore. She dropped anchors but her chain cables parted, and, in spite of all the exertions of the officers and crew she was driven by force of the current directly upon the above named rocks, staving an ugly hole in her bottom. Being an old ship her timbers soon gave way and filling steadily she went down in about ten fathoms [60 ft; 18 m] of water, entirely out of sight. The captain succeeded in getting his chronometers, instruments, clothes, and money out of the ship before she sunk, and the crew saved all their dunnage.[1]
Seal Rock (or Seal Rocks) is a group of small rock formation islands in the Lands End area of the Outer Richmond District in western San Francisco, California. They are located just offshore in the Pacific Ocean, at the north end of the Ocean Beach, near the Cliff House and Sutro Baths ruins.

The name is derived from the population of Steller's sea lions (Eumetopias jubatus) and California sea lions (Zalophus californianus), who haul out on the rock. Both species are often colloquially called "seals".  The formations and wildlife are protected within the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.

Near the end of the last ice age, this part of the coastline was thought to be between eight and twenty five miles westward of its current position - around five thousand years ago, with the melting of the ice, the sea level rose to its current level.

The coastal features found here today were formed by the actions of waves, wind, and the movement of sand. The geology of this part of the coastline of San Francisco consists of steep rocky cliffs which are punctuated by narrow sandy pocket beaches found at the north end of the city and long sandy stretches at Ocean Beach and Fort Funston to the south. 
The local features, and indeed the entire San Francisco Peninsula, come from the northern aspect of the Santa Cruz Mountains. Before the urban development seen today, the area landward of Ocean Beach consisted of barren sand fields inland to Twin Peaks. The first known map of the area, dating from 1852, was made by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey and describes the coastline here as being entirely unaltered by humans.

Original file ‎(4,000 × 5,781 pixels, file size: 2.91 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg)

Deutsch | English | français | македонски | Nederlands | polski | +/−

This work is in the public domain in its country of origin and other countries and areas where the copyright term is the author's life plus 70 years or fewer.

 You must also include a United States public domain tag to indicate why this work is in the public domain in the United States. Note that a few countries have copyright terms longer than 70 years: Mexico has 100 years, Jamaica has 95 years, Colombia has 80 years, and Guatemala and Samoa have 75 years. This image may not be in the public domain in these countries, which moreover do not implement the rule of the shorter term. Côte d'Ivoire has a general copyright term of 99 years and Honduras has 75 years, but they do implement the rule of the shorter term. Copyright may extend on works created by French who died for France in World War II (more information), Russians who served in the Eastern Front of World War II (known as the Great Patriotic War in Russia) and posthumously rehabilitated victims of Soviet repressions (more information).

The Great Highway is a road in San Francisco that forms the city's western edge along the Pacific coast.  It runs for approximately 3.5 miles (5.6 km) next to Ocean Beach. Its southern end is at Skyline Boulevard (State Route 35) near Lake Merced; it extends to Point Lobos Avenue and the Cliff House at its northern end.

The Great Highway also forms the western border of Golden Gate Park.

For approximately half its length, from Sloat Boulevard to Lincoln Way, the Great Highway is both an expressway and a parallel street. The expressway is built atop a raised berm, which overlays a pre-existing wall built to keep the adjacent area clear from frequent encroachment by sand dunes; however due to the strong winds and blowing sand, there are still several days when the Great Highway is closed to traffic each year.  Also atop the berm is a gravel jogging path and a cement walking / bicycling path.  The parallel street, also named 'Great Highway', is immediately adjacent below and to the east of the expressway, with buildings on its east side. The only access to the upper-level highway is at each end. There are crosswalks with traffic lights along this section to allow pedestrians to reach the beach.

The Dutch Windmill is situated in the north western corner of the park near the intersection of Fulton Street and the Great Highway, and the Murphy Windmill sits in the south western corner near Lincoln Way; both were built to pump water into Golden Gate Park. The N Judah, a San Francisco Municipal Railway streetcar line, ends at Great Highway and Judah, while the L Taraval, another streetcar line, ends two blocks from Great Highway at Wawona and 46th Avenue.

The Angel Island–Tiburon Ferry Company is a privately owned and operated ferry service in California that links Tiburon's Tiburon Ferry Terminal with Ayala Cove Ferry Terminal on Angel Island. The ferry runs every day except Thanksgiving and Christmas. The company also operates San Francisco Bay and whale watching cruises.[citation needed]

The owner and frequent ferry operator is Maggie McDonogh,[1] who has maintained the service since 1959.[2] The concession is occasionally put out to bid by the California Department of Parks and Recreation, though McDonogh has operated month to month since 1993. The 2018 bidding process attracted only one application from Blue & Gold Fleet. Despite this, as of February 2019[update] the process has been placed on hold, with McDonogh still running ferries.[2]

Yerba Buena Cove was a cove on San Francisco Bay where the Mexican pueblo of Yerba Buena was located.  It lay between Clarks Point to the north (southeast of Telegraph Hill, near the corner of Broadway and Battery Streets) and Rincon Point to the south (near the corner of Harrison and Spear Streets).  The beach of the cove was set back as far as what is now Montgomery Street between Clay and Washington Streets. Between the beginning of the California Gold Rush and 1860 the cove was filled in, and the downtown of the city of San Francisco built over it. A number of ships were sunk in the cove, some intentionally scuttled to allow the owners to claim the land around the sunken ship. Wrecks known to remain buried include the Apollo, the Niantic, and the Rome, the latter of which was discovered in 1994 during construction of the Muni Metro Turnback Tunnel.[1][2]

Coordinates: 37°47′35″N 122°23′46″W﻿ / ﻿37.79306°N 122.39611°W﻿ / 37.79306; -122.39611



This is a List of parks in San Francisco

National Park Service

United States Fish and Wildlife Service

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

Pioneer Park is a 4.89-acre (19,800 m2) park crowning the top of Telegraph Hill in San Francisco.  It was established in 1876 in celebration of the United States Centennial.  Prior to establishment of the park, it was the site of the Marine Telegraph Station.  The main feature of the park, Coit Tower, was completed in 1933 using a $118,000 bequest left to the city by Lillie Hitchcock Coit in 1929.[1] A bronze statue of Christopher Columbus was placed in the park in 1957, donated by the city's Italian-American community. The statue itself was sculpted by Count Vittorio di Colbertaldo of Verona, one of Benito Mussolini’s hand picked ceremonial bodyguards known as the “Black Musketeers.”[2][3] Colbertaldo doubled as the Musketeers's sculptor, producing statutes which commemorated the organization.[4] The statue in Pioneer Park was cast in Verona and then shipped to San Francisco.[5] A second Columbus statue done by Colbertaldo is in Miami, Florida.[6] In 2019, the Columbus statue at Pioneer Park was doused in red paint, symbolizing spilt blood, as an act of protest against the continued glorification of a man responsible for ushering in an era of exploitation and slaughter of Indigenous peoples by European colonizers.[7]


After a storm destroyed the Marine Telegraph Station at the top of Telegraph Hill in 1876, George Hearst purchased the property and donated it to the city under the stipulation that the land be dubbed "Pioneer Park." Later purchases by the city substantially added to the park's size. To engage the public, an observatory and bar was built on the property in the style of a German castle. The venture was unsuccessful and ultimately closed after a fire in the early 1900s.
In 1902, the North Beach Improvement Club, California Club, and California Art League together lobbied the city to preserve the land. The city responded by adding roads increasing public access.

In 1924, Lillie Hitchcock Coit passed, leaving the city with $118,000. The money was ultimately used to construct Coit Tower, the primary feature of the park.[8]

Coordinates: 37°46′41″N 122°23′20″W﻿ / ﻿37.778°N 122.389°W﻿ / 37.778; -122.389
Steamboat Point a headland marking the northeastern limit of Mission Bay, on San Francisco Bay. It was named for the shipyards that built and repaired steamboats there during the 1850s to the mid 1860s.[1]

The first reference to Steamboat Point appeared on the 1852 U.S. Coast Survey Map of San Francisco, southeast of Third and Townsend Streets. H.B. Tichenor's marine railway at his shipyard for repairing ships, (the first on the Pacific coast), was shown at Second and Townsend, jutting into the bay. On the stretch of South Beach between Tichenor's railway and into the marsh just west of the point were located the boatyards of famed steamboat builders John G. North, Domingo Marcucci, Patrick H. Tiernan and others who constructed and repaired many and most of the best of the fleet of sternwheel and sidewheel steamboats and ferries that plied the bays and rivers of California, Oregon and Washington Territory. It was also the city's prime shipbuilding location until the mid-1860s, when the shipyards gradually moved south across the Mission Bay to Point San Quentin (or Potrero Point). Subsequently, the shore line along the bay was rapidly filled in leaving only a ship channel for Mission Creek and Steamboat Point a small hill inland from San Francisco Bay.[1]



[2]

Mile Rocks Lighthouse is located on a rock about 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of the Golden Gate Bridge, off of Lands End in San Francisco, California. It was completed in 1906, replacing a nearby bell buoy. In 1966, the light was automated, and the original 85 m (279 ft) tower of the lighthouse was demolished and replaced by a helipad. The lighthouse was at one time painted with alternating red and white rings, but as of 2017[update], the lighthouse is painted plain white.

In 1889, the United States Lighthouse Service placed a bell buoy near the rocks. However, strong currents in the area would pull the buoy beneath the surface of the water and set it adrift.

On February 22, 1901, the SS City of Rio de Janeiro wrecked on the rocks, which prompted the lighthouse to be built.[4] One hundred and twenty-eight persons, of 209 aboard, lost their lives when the ship sank.

Point Reyes is a prominent cape and popular Northern California tourist destination on the Pacific coast. It is located in Marin County approximately 30 miles (50 km) west-northwest of San Francisco. The term is often applied to the Point Reyes Peninsula, the region bounded by Tomales Bay on the northeast and Bolinas Lagoon on the southeast. The headland is protected as part of Point Reyes National Seashore.

The cape protects Drakes Bay on its southern side. The headland is largely drained by Drakes Estero.  Drakes Bay and Drake's Estero are named after English seafarer Sir Francis Drake who possibly hauled his ship, the Golden Hinde, up onto the beach for repairs in June 1579. Inverness Ridge runs along the peninsula's northwest-southeast spine, with forested peaks around 430 metres (1,410 ft).  West of the ridge, the land flattens out and the vegetation turns to scrub.  The Mount Vision fire in 1995 burned part of Inverness Ridge.

Point Reyes lends its name to the town of Point Reyes Station.

The point may once have been known as Lobes Lighthouse by the sailors of clipper ships on the meat trade.[1] (Lobes are ridges of slide material commonly referred to in the literature from erosion events and the point is of that shape out to sea).

Drakes Bay (Miwokan: Tamál-Húye) is a 4-mile (6.4 km) wide bay named so by U.S. surveyor George Davidson in 1875 along the Point Reyes National Seashore on the coast of northern California in the United States, approximately 30 miles (48 km) northwest of San Francisco at approximately 38 degrees north latitude.[2] The bay is approximately 8 miles (13 km) wide. It is formed on the lee side of the coastal current by Point Reyes.  The bay is named after Sir Francis Drake[3] and has long been considered Drake's most likely landing spot[4] on the west coast of North America during his circumnavigation of the world by sea in 1579. An alternative name for this bay is Puerto De Los Reyes.[2]

The bay is fed by Drake's Estero, an expansive estuary on the Point Reyes peninsula.  The estuary is protected by Estero de Limantour State Marine Reserve & Drakes Estero State Marine Conservation Area.  Point Reyes State Marine Reserve & Point Reyes State Marine Conservation Area lie within Drakes Bay.  Like underwater parks, these marine protected areas help conserve ocean wildlife and marine ecosystems.

A portion of the coastal area of Drakes Bay is archaeologically and historically important.  It is believed to be the site of Francis Drake's 1579 landfall (which he called New Albion), and also the location where a Spanish Manila galleon sank during a storm in 1595.  Both Drake and the Portuguese commander of the galleon, Sebastião Rodrigues Soromenho, interacted with the local Coast Miwok.  There are fifteen archaeological sites on the bay of Miwok settlements where European trade goods have been found, including materials that the Miwok probably recovered from the wrecked galleon.[5]  The region was designated a National Historic Landmark District on October 17, 2012.[6][7]

The Hyde Street Pier, at 2905 Hyde Street, is a historic ferry pier located on the northern waterfront of San Francisco, California, amidst the tourist zone of Fisherman's Wharf.[1]

Prior to the opening of the Golden Gate Bridge and the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge, it was the principal automobile ferry terminal connecting San Francisco with Marin County by way of Sausalito to the north, and the East Bay by way of Berkeley (see also Berkeley Pier). It was designated part of U.S. Route 101 and U.S. Route 40. The ferries began operation by the Golden Gate Ferry Company.  In early 1929, the Golden Gate Ferry Company merged with the competing auto ferry system of the Southern Pacific railroad, with ferry service to the Hyde Street Pier taken over by the new "Southern Pacific-Golden Gate Ferries, Ltd." starting on May 1, 1929.[2]

Today, the pier is part of the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. Various historical ships are anchored to the pier, some available for self-guided or docent-led tours. Among the ships on display or in storage are the Balclutha, an 1886 square rigged sailing ship, as well as C.A. Thayer, Eureka, Alma, Hercules, Eppleton Hall, and over one hundred smaller craft.

Coordinates: 37°48′32″N 122°25′16″W﻿ / ﻿37.80897°N 122.42117°W﻿ / 37.80897; -122.42117

San Andrés Creek (Spanish for: St. Andrew's Creek), now called San Andreas Creek, is a perennial stream that flows 5.9 miles (9.5 km)[3] southeasterly along the San Andreas Fault from Sweeney Ridge in San Mateo County, California, providing the inflow to and outflow from San Andreas Reservoir, and then entering Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir, where it was a historic tributary to San Mateo Creek. San Mateo Creek then carries its waters over Crystal Springs Dam northeast to San Francisco Bay.

After discovering San Francisco Bay from Sweeney Ridge on November 4, 1769, the Portolà expedition descended what Portolà called the Cañada de San Francisco, now known as San Andreas Creek, to camp just south of the San Mateo Creek canyon on a lake called by him Laguna Grande, now covered by Upper Crystal Springs Reservoir. The campsite is marked by California Historical Marker No. 94 "Portola Expedition Camp".[4] After heading south and descending from the foothills along San Francisquito Creek to established his base camp at El Palo Alto, Portola retraced his steps and returned along San Andreas Creek to recross Sweeney Ridge and then via the coast back to San Diego. The San Andres Creek place name is shown on the Rancho de las Pulgas 1856 plat map.[5][6] Padre Palóu, on an expedition from Monterey to explore the western side of San Francisco Bay led by Captain Rivera, renamed Portola's Cañada de San Francisco to Cañada de San Andrés on November 30, 1774, it being the feast day of St. Andrew.[7] Captain Juan Bautista de Anza, after forging the first overland route from Monterey, California, to San Francisco Bay, explored the peninsula and selected the sites for Mission San Francisco de Asís (Mission Dolores) and the Presidio of San Francisco. De Anza returned to Monterey via the Cañada de San Andrés and camped on the banks of San Mateo Creek on March 29, 1776. In de Anza's diary on March 29, 1776, he wrote: "Night having fallen, at a quarter past six I went down to the arroyo of San Andreas and to another, that of San Matheo, where it descends to empty into the estuary."[8]

The two Crystal Springs lakes and San Andreas Lake used to be known as Spring Valley Lakes for the Spring Valley Water Company which owned them. The Spring Valley Water Company named the lakes, the Spring Valley Lakes, after the company. The original Spring Valley was between Mason and Taylor Streets, and Washington and Broadway Streets in San Francisco, where the water company started. When the company went south for more water, the Spring Valley name was carried south too.[9]

San Andreas Creek's source elevation is at approximately 900 feet (270 m) on the eastern slopes of Sweeney Ridge from which it flows southeasterly along the San Andreas Rift between Sweeney Ridge to the west and Buri Buri Ridge to the east, through San Andreas Reservoir, which was formed by the construction of a 100-foot-high (30 m) earth dam in 1868.[2][10] The San Andreas Dam eliminates flow in the creek immediately below the dams, except for occasional spills or releases from the reservoir and seepage through the dam.[11] From San Andreas Reservoir, the creek descends and enters the northeast arm of Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir. Historically San Andreas Creek joined San Mateo Creek just above the current location of the Crystal Springs Dam. The two Crystal Springs lakes and San Andreas Lake used to be known as Spring Valley Lakes for the Spring Valley Water Company, which owned them. Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir now covers the town of Crystal Springs, which grew up around a resort of the same name.[12][13]

The San Gregorio Fault is an active, 209 km (130 mi) long fault located off the coast of Northern California. The southern end of the fault is in southern Monterey Bay, and the northern end is about 20 km northwest of San Francisco, near Bolinas Bay, where the San Gregorio intersects the San Andreas Fault. Most of the San Gregorio fault trace is located offshore beneath the waters of Monterey Bay, Half Moon Bay, and the Pacific Ocean, though it cuts across land near Point Año Nuevo and Pillar Point. The San Gregorio Fault is part of a system of coastal faults which run roughly parallel to the San Andreas.[1]   The movement of the San Gregorio is right-lateral strike-slip, and the slip rate is estimated to be 4 to 10 mm/year (0.2 to 0.4 inch/year). The most recent major earthquake along the fault occurred some time between 1270-1775 AD, with an estimated magnitude of 7 to 7.25.[2]

Woodward's Gardens was a combination amusement park, museum, art gallery, zoo, and aquarium operating from 1866 to 1891 in the Mission District of San Francisco, California. The Gardens covered two city blocks, bounded by Mission, Valencia, 13th, and 15th Streets in San Francisco.[1] The site currently has a brick building at 1700 Mission Street, built after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, which features a California Historical Site plaque, and the Crafty Fox Alehouse on the ground floor (formerly a restaurant called Woodward's Garden).[2] The former Gardens site also features the current location of the San Francisco Armory, completed in 1914.

Woodward's Gardens was owned and operated by Robert B. Woodward (1824–1879), who became wealthy during the Gold Rush of 1849 and through his ownership the What Cheer House, a hotel and inn at 527-531 Sacramento Street at Leidesdorff Alley in San Francisco.[3] Woodward opened the Gardens on the site of his four-acre estate after moving to Napa, California with his wife and four children (Napa home pictured). Early in his career, photographer Eadweard Muybridge took many photographs of the Gardens.[4] Woodward had bought the property from U. S. Senator John C. Fremont.[5]

In 1877, Miriam Leslie described Woodward's Gardens as "open to the public, who, for twenty-five cents each soul, may spend the day in rambling among shady groves, verdant lawns, flowery bosquets, lakes, streams and waterfalls, conservatories, ferneries, using the swings, the trapezes, the merry-go-rounds at will" [6]

In November 1889 Woodward's Gardens housed the famous bear "Monarch", a bear that was later memorialized on the Flag of California. Monarch was one of the last known wild grizzly bears captured in California and more than 20,000 people attended the opening day unveiling on November 10, 1889.[7]

Mount Tamalpais (/tæməlˈpaɪ.ɪs/; TAM-əl-PY-iss; Coast Miwok: /t̪ɑmɑlˈpɑis̺/, known locally as Mount Tam) is a peak in Marin County, California, United States, often considered symbolic of Marin County. Much of Mount Tamalpais is protected within public lands such as Mount Tamalpais State Park, the Marin Municipal Water District watershed, and National Park Service land, such as Muir Woods.

Mount Tamalpais is the highest peak in the Marin Hills, which are part of the Northern California Coast Ranges. The elevation at the West Peak, where a radar dome currently stands, is between 2,560 feet (780 m) and 2,580 feet (786 m).[3] It stood over 2,600 feet (792 m) before the summit was flattened for the radar dome construction. The East Peak is at 2,571 feet (784 m). The East Peak was considered the highest point in the county, but now that claim is being disputed by those who believe the west peak is higher. But there is no corroboration of the claim on behalf of west peak from USGS or any other official body. The site ListsOfJohn has marked the west peak to be higher, but added a footnote that the east peak may be higher since the west peak summit was razed. The mountain is clearly visible from the city of San Francisco and the East Bay region.

The majority of the mountain is contained in protected public lands, including Mount Tamalpais State Park, Muir Woods National Monument, and the Mount Tamalpais Watershed. It adjoins the Golden Gate National Recreation Area (which in turn adjoins Point Reyes National Seashore) as well as several Marin County Open Space Preserves. This provides nearly 40 miles (64 km) of continuous publicly accessible open space. Some of the lower slopes of Mount Tamalpais fall within several cities and unincorporated communities of Marin County, including Mill Valley, Tamalpais-Homestead Valley, Stinson Beach, and Kentfield. These areas are generally developed, consisting of mostly low-density single-family homes.

Like the rest of the California Coast Ranges, Mount Tamalpais is the result of uplift, buckling, and folding of the North American plate as it slides along the Pacific Plate near the San Andreas fault zone.

Mission Creek (from Spanish: misión) is a river in San Francisco, California. Once navigable from the Mission Bay inland to the vicinity of Mission Dolores, where several smaller creeks converged to form it, Mission Creek has long since been largely culverted. Its only remaining portion above-ground is the Mission Creek Channel which drains into China Basin.[2]

The two Ramaytush Indian villages of Chutchui and Sitlintac were located on Mission Creek.

Declared by the state legislature in 1854 to be a navigable stream, it retains the designation today, even though most of it was vacated for use by boats in 1874 and later filled in.[3]

Soil liquefaction, such as that which killed numerous people in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, has been known to occur along buried portions of the creek.[4][5]

Balboa Park is a neighborhood and public park in San Francisco, California. It was created in 1909, and parts of it were built over time. The neighborhood (sometimes referred to as Mission Terrace, Cayuga, or Ingleside) is located between Mission Street and Interstate 280 north of Geneva Avenue, and the park is located on San Jose Avenue, north of Ocean Avenue. Inside of the park there is a public swimming pool, a children's playground, a stadium, baseball diamonds, tennis courts, and the Ingleside police station. The only public soccer-specific stadium, Boxer Stadium, is located within Balboa Park.

Balboa High School is situated on Cayuga Avenue, and City College of San Francisco is on the other side of Interstate 280. Public transportation in Balboa Park is centered on Balboa Park Station in the southwest corner of the neighborhood, a Bay Area Rapid Transit Station that also serves as the terminal of the J, K, and M Muni Metro lines.

Coordinates: 37°43′30″N 122°26′42″W﻿ / ﻿37.72500°N 122.44500°W﻿ / 37.72500; -122.44500



Alameda Terminal (a.k.a. Alameda Wharf) was a railroad station and ferry wharf at the foot and west of present-day Pacific Avenue and Main Street in Alameda, California, on the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay with ferry service to San Francisco.[3][1]:10-11  It was built in 1864 and operated by the San Francisco and Alameda Railroad.  In 1869, it served as the original west coast terminus of the U.S. First Transcontinental Railroad, [1]:7 until the opening of Oakland Pier two months later. The western terminus was inaugurated September 6, 1869, when the first Western Pacific through train from Sacramento reached the shores of San Francisco Bay at Alameda Terminal,[4] thus completing the first transcontinental railroad to the Pacific coast.

The Pacific Railroad Act passed by the United States Congress in 1862 authorized construction of the First transcontinental railroad and telegraph line, which included connecting the Central Pacific Railroad in the west with the Union Pacific Railroad in the east.  In 1863, the first construction activity took the Central Pacific line eastward from Sacramento.  In October 1864, the Central Pacific Railroad assigned all the rights of the Pacific Railway Acts of 1862 and 1864 to the Western Pacific Railroad for the route between Sacramento and San Jose, including land grants. The plan was that the transcontinental railroad would follow the Western Pacific to San Jose and then connect with the San Francisco and San Jose Railroad (SF&SJ), completed in 1864, to San Francisco.

By 1866, Western Pacific had built 20 miles (32 km) of track north and east from San Jose, reaching halfway into Niles Canyon, to about Farwell near MilePost33.[5] The Western Pacific used 500 Chinese laborers to grade and construct the rail line into the rugged canyon with its tight curves and narrow banks.[6] Construction was then halted because of disagreements between the railroad’s contractors and its financiers.[5]

In 1868, Central Pacific Railroad, a subsidiary of which had acquired the Western Pacific and later Oakland Point, restarted work on the Western Pacific Railroad line starting at Sacramento working southward, as well as near Lathrop and Livermore, using upwards to 2,000 Chinese laborers.  The new plan was to connect with Oakland and Oakland Point with its ferry service to San Francisco.  In June 1869, work resume with track laying in Niles Canyon working towards Livermore.  Also in June 1869, J. H. Strobridge came to Niles (then Vallejo Mills and now part of Fremont) to oversee the construction of the new line, with his crew of up to 600 Chinese laborers, heading towards Oakland.[7]  In September 1869, a temporary connection was made at a junction called Simpson's or Melrose at San Leandro with the old tracks of San Francisco and Alameda Railroad, which led to the SF&A Alameda Wharf with ferry service to San Francisco.[1]:8



The San Francisco Ferry Building is a terminal for ferries that travel across the San Francisco Bay, a food hall[3] and an office building. It is located on The Embarcadero in San Francisco, California.

On top of the building is a 245-foot-tall (75 m) clock tower with four clock dials, each 22 feet (6.7 m) in diameter, which can be seen from Market Street, a main thoroughfare of the city.

Designed in 1892 by American architect A. Page Brown in the Beaux Arts style, the ferry building was completed in 1898.  At its opening, it was the largest project undertaken in the city up to that time. Brown designed the clock tower after the 12th-century Giralda bell tower in Seville, Spain, and the entire length of the building on both frontages is based on an arched arcade.

The Port of San Francisco is a semi-independent organization that oversees the port facilities at San Francisco, California, United States. It is run by a five-member commission, appointed by the Mayor and approved by the Board of Supervisors. The Port is responsible for managing the larger waterfront area that extends from the anchorage of the Golden Gate Bridge, along the Marina district, all the way around the north and east shores of the city of San Francisco including Fisherman's Wharf and the Embarcadero, and southward to the city line just beyond Candlestick Point. In 1968 the State of California, via the California State Lands Commission for the State-operated  San Francisco Port Authority (est. 1957), transferred its responsibilities for the Harbor of San Francisco waterfront to the City and County of San Francisco / San Francisco Harbor Commission through the Burton Act AB2649. All eligible State port authority employees had the option to become employees of the City and County of San Francisco to maintain consistent operation of the Port of San Francisco.

The Port of San Francisco lies on the western edge of the San Francisco Bay near the Golden Gate. It has been called one of the three great natural harbors in the world, but it took two long centuries for navigators from Spain and England to find the anchorage originally called Yerba Buena: a port, as was said in its early days, in which all the fleets of the world could find anchorage.[1]

The port area under the Commission's control comprises nearly eight miles of waterfront lands, commercial real estate and maritime piers from Hyde Street on the north to India Basin in the southeast. The list of landmarks under port control include Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, the Ferry Building, Oracle Park (formerly AT&T Park, SBC Park and Pacific Bell Park), located next to China Basin and Pier 70 at Potrero Point. Huge covered piers on piles jut out into San Francisco bay along much of the waterfront, bordered by the Embarcadero roadway. In 2015, the City, acting through the Port of San Francisco, launched the San Francisco Seawall Earthquake Safety and Disaster Prevention Program (Seawall Program).

The first landing place on the north-eastern tip of the San Francisco peninsula was a rocky promontory below Telegraph Hill later known as Clarke's Point that jutted into the San Francisco Bay at the line of what is now Broadway and Battery Streets.  Yerba Buena Cove swept inland from the subsequently named Clarke's Point to as far as Montgomery Street to the west, and further south and east to Rincon Point at the south of Market area at the foot of Folsom and Spear streets.

The Montgomery Block built in 1853 was San Francisco's first fireproof and earthquake resistant building. It came to be known as a Bohemian centre from the late 19th to the middle of the 20th century.  It was located at 628 Montgomery Street, on the southeast corner of its intersection with Washington Street, today the location of the Transamerica Pyramid.

The four-story building was erected in 1853 by Henry Wager Halleck, later general in chief of the Union Army in the Civil War, in the "Barbary Coast" red-light district.[2] Also known as the Monkey Block, it used to house many well-known lawyers, financiers, writers, actors, and artists.[1] It also hosted many illustrious visitors, among them Jack London, George Sterling, Lola Montez, Lotta Crabtree, Gelett Burgess, Maynard Dixon, Frank Norris, Ambrose Bierce, Bret Harte, the Booths, and Mark Twain. The site of Montgomery Block is now registered as a California Historical Landmark.[1]

The four-stories Montgomery Block was the tallest building west of the Mississippi River when it was built in 1853.[3][4] It was designed by architect G.P. Cummings. San Franciscans called it "Halleck's Folly" because it was built on a raft of redwood logs.[2]

On May 14, 1856, the editor of the Daily Evening Bulletin, James King of William, died in the Montgomery Block, having been shot by James P. Casey,[1] a city supervisor who felt slighted by King's anti-corruption crusading journalism.[citation needed]

Mission Pass, also known as the Sunol Grade[1] and formerly as Stockton Pass, is a gap in the hills of the Mount Hamilton Range in Alameda County, California.  It lies to the northeast of Mission San José, in Fremont, and leads from there into the Sunol Valley. Its elevation is 659 feet (201 m) above sea level. Today, Interstate 680 traverses this pass.  

The first Europeans to cross Mission Pass were the Spanish explorers Pedro Fages, and Padre Juan Crespí in 1772.  It was later used by Spanish soldiers in their expeditions into the San Joaquin Valley.  It was part of the route of El Camino Viejo between Livermore Valley and the Mission San Jose and from the Mission to what is now Contra Costa County. It was used by later American explorers Jedediah Smith and John Fremont. During the early part of the California Gold Rush it was on the main land route to Stockton and the gold fields.[1]





The Golden Gate is a strait on the west coast of North America that connects San Francisco Bay to the Pacific Ocean.[2] It is defined by the headlands of the San Francisco Peninsula and the Marin Peninsula, and, since 1937, has been spanned by the Golden Gate Bridge. The entire shoreline and adjacent waters throughout the strait are managed by the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.[3]

During the last Ice Age, when sea level was several hundred feet lower, the waters of the glacier-fed Sacramento River and the San Joaquin River scoured a deep channel through the bedrock on their way to the ocean. (A similar process created the undersea Hudson Canyon off the coast of New York and New Jersey.) The strait is well known today for its depth and powerful tidal currents from the Pacific Ocean. Many small whirlpools and eddies can form in its waters. With its strong currents, rocky reefs and fog, the Golden Gate is the site of over 100 shipwrecks.[citation needed]

The Golden Gate is often shrouded in fog, especially during the summer. Heat generated in the California Central Valley causes air there to rise, creating a low pressure area that pulls in cool, moist air from over the Pacific Ocean. The Golden Gate forms the largest break in the hills of the California Coast Range, allowing a persistent, dense stream of fog to enter the bay there.[4] Although there is no weather station on Golden Gate proper, the area has a mediterranean climate (Köppen Csb) with very narrow temperature fluctuations, cool summers and mild winters. For the nearest weather station see the weatherbox of San Francisco. The Golden Gate Bridge being nearer the ocean and at elevation indicate it being cooler during summer days. Nearer the San Francisco urban core, the temperatures resemble the official NOAA weather station instead.