akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he later played for the houston texans who are based in texas .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
pop musician aleksandra kovac is associated with bebi dol and k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the official language is philippine english and one of the ethnic groups is zamboangans . arabic is one of the ethnic groups in the philippines .
azal arena is located in baku .
the antares rocket is similar to the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
the manager of 1 fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of the audi a1 .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is the hal light combat helicopter . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
batagor includes fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where the leader is doris bures . he died in graz .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
new york city is the largest city in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs taquirari music .
angola , indiana is part of the state of indiana , in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
albuquerque is part of new mexico , in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
the atlas ii was launched from the vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was on 5th december 2002 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 and performs acoustic music .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
soho press is located in the united states .
akeem priestley plays for the club ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
alison o ' donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz music which has its stylistic origins in folk music and afrobeat as a fusion genre .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
albert b . white , married to agnes ward white , began his career on march 4th 1901 and ended his career on march 4th 1905 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business media . it was founded by julius springer .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and tab benoit .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
batagor includes fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
sri lanka ' s capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee . adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of singapore and indonesia .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group there . new york city is the largest city in new york city .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from cape canaveral air force station . the atlas ii was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
dave challinor is at stockport county f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay f . c .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 . it is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv which is managed by oleh luzhny . his club is olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas and his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia , where standard chinese is spoken and tony tan is a leader .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the united states and china .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
electric guitarist aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 16 , 000 students . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
garth nix is the author of aenir which was written in english and followed by above the veil .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight . he is an artist for mamiffer .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce comes from .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has a sub genre called christian alternative rock .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business media . it was founded by julius springer .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was a commander in gulf war .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . his genre is rock and roll originated from the blues .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italy national under 17 football team . he plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
the alhambra was wrecked and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
1000 piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . its epoch is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was married to casey ribicoff and native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
electric guitarist aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . azerbaijan is led by prime minister artur rasizade .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea fc and real madrid c .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader in germany , the capital of which is berlin .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia , where english is spoken . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
slavey is a language spoken in canada .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . it is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc rubin kazan .
alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 . it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , is located in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
iraq born alaa abdul zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party is the people ' s party .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
aaron deer is signed to the record label kill rock stars .
the comic book writer , ben urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km . it has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
new york city is part of new netherland .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier for the airport is viag .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff and its leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county , maryland .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 . it has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is gordon marsden and he plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool whose ground is in blackpool .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania and performs dance pop music .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . benitoite , california , fossil smilodon was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . he died in california .
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 02 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to warner music group .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the batak is an ethnic group .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r ' aalsmeerbaan .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of al - amin daggash . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is the gujarat legislative assembly .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
agnes ward white was the wife of albert b . white .
austin is part of hays county , texas . spanish is spoken in texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands in 1948 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in austria and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where italian is spoken .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce comes from .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin on august 27th 2011 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from the technical institute kaduna .
alberto teisaire , a member of the labour party in argentina , was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron , a member of the labour party in argentina .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of new york city , where the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
shiitake is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 kg , has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
synthpop originated from pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
gábor kubatov is the chairman of ferencváosi tc .
the architect of adare manor is philip charles hardwick and it was completed in 1862 . the owner of adare manor is j . p . mc manus .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the u . s . newark is the largest city in the u . s . where the capital is trenton and native americans are an ethnic group .
carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
the atlas ii was launched from the vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was on 5th december 2002 .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the republic of serbia .
agnes ward white was the wife of albert b . white .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is ahora madrid .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a straight - four engine .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and english is the language spoken there .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . stanislaw tillich is a leader in germany .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
aleksandra kovac ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
allen forrest was born on the 4th of february 1981 .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and started his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and bobina .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the united states air force fought in 1986 , bombing of libya .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight . he is an artist for mamiffer .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is t s thakur and narendra modi .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield f . c . halton .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by p & o company located in london . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m and a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the solanaceae family are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a petrol engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where elizabeth ii is a leader and asian canadians are an ethnic group .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is served by the new jersey region .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the following musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where joko widodo is a leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , the leader of which is the liberal democrats .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . he plays country music which has banjo as an instrument .
electric guitarist aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle . roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by eagle . wheel horse is a subsidiary of american motors .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders . the people of italy are called italians and laura boldrini .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick . limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in the city of madrid .
minna was the birthplace of abdulsalami abubakar .
baked alaska is a dessert that comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is a type of dessert .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas . english is spoken in the u . s .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas campeonato brasileiro série c . vila nova futebol clube are champions of the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label universal records . he is associated with marry banilow .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . he was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
adam mc quaid was born in canada , where o canada is the national anthem .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and became a crew member on apollo 12 . he is now retired .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
james pain and george richard pain was the architect of adare manor .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , france .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc anzhi makhachkala and he played youth football for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
fallujah is located in iraq .
aaron turner is a singer who plays electroacoustic music . he is a member of the band isis and sumac .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . its icao location identifier is viag .
cake is a type of dessert , a type of dessert .
the atlas ii is from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg air force base . cape canaveral air force station is the launch site of the atlas ii .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per sq km . the total area of arlington is 258 . 2 sq km .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18 november 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the national assembly is the national assembly .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was published in print .
sausage is a main ingredient of a bacon explosion .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship draft of 4 . 6 m .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was princeton university .
ace wilder performs hip hop music , which has its stylistic origins in disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac began her career in 1990 and is associated with kornelije kovač and k2 .
binignit is a dessert from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sago and sweet potato .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the north of adams county and frederick county , maryland is to the southwest .
arianespace is located in courcouronnes and operates the ariane 5 which is operated by arianespace . the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
massimo drago plays for a . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he also plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues .
the footballer abner was born in brazil .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states is john roberts and the leader is barack obama .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 02 and plays for the florida panthers .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia , where standard chinese is spoken and tony tan is a leader .
angola , indiana is part of the state of indiana , in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and the italy national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk and the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
aaron turner is a singer who plays avant - garde metal .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of the audi a1 .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc . he plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international . it was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
andra ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc rubin kazan .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode of birmingham is b postcode area is the governing body of birmingham city council . john clancy is a leader of birmingham .
black metal musician aaron turner , born in the united states , started performing in 1995 and played for old man gloom .
rock and roll originated from the blues .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and inter milan . paulo sousa plays for juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for anyang halla .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
baked alaska comes from the united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
alan shepard is deceased .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
buffalo is part of erie county , new york .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , was published in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 204770 - 2 .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group . the inhabitants of the united states are called americans .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
albennie jones is associated with sammy price .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24 , 1989 .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war conflict .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader in germany , the capital of which is berlin .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
garth nix is the author of aenir which was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
andrew white is signed to the record label universal records . he is signed to the record label universal records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
william anders was born in british hong kong , where chris patten was a representative . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and succeeded by james w . reid .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located in amsterdam , where eberhard van der laan is a leader .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cottage cheese is a leader in mexico .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band bajik .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was princeton university .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
andra is a dance pop singer who is associated with puya and crbl .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and performs pop music .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the atlas ii was launched from the vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was on 5th december 2002 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is spoken in great britain .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where prokopis pavlopoulos is a leader and alexis tsipras are leaders .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 . he was drafted by the florida panthers .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the christening date of a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 07 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he plays for a . s . s . nola 1925 .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
atlanta falcons play in atlanta .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and his musical genre is hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the city of antioch is part of contra costa county , california , where english is spoken . the city is led by the california state assembly . the city is led by the california state assembly .
peter laird is a united states national .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where angola is part of indiana .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york , united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey which is led by don guardian .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the country ' s currency is the turkish lira and the largest city is istanbul .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it was established in 2000 .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 was started in 1937 .
english is the language of the united states .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who play in the uruguayan segunda división league . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of peñarol which is jorge orosmán da silva .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where prokopis pavlopoulos is a leader and alexis tsipras are leaders .
bhajji comes from india where the people are known as indian people .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the champions are s . s . robur siena and sergio mattarella . italian is the language spoken in italy .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago is led by rahm emanuel and the capital of illinois is springfield .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; 2005 - 11 - 26 .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and began his career on march 4th 1974 .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is spoken in great britain and asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod b . c . which is coached by zvi sherf . c .
the footballer abner was born in brazil .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist héctor numa moraes .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls is a leader . baked alaska comes from france where the leader is gerard larcher .
austin is part of hays county , texas . spanish is spoken in texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
american test pilot alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
bakso is popular in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the 3 arena was designed by the company populous and is located in dublin .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier for agra airport is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia .
bacon sandwiches are also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier for agra airport is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and the backup pilot was william anders .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave began his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 . he fought in world war ii .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and was launched at ela - 3 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label universal records . he is associated with marry banilow .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and performs pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town fc .
william anders is retired and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight d . eisenhower .
alex plante was born in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he is 1 . 9304 metres tall .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
akeem dent was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia and made his debut for the atlanta falcons . he used to play for the houston texans .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a sedan body style and opel vectra .
asilomar conference grounds are located in the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
antioch , california has an elevation of 13 . 0 above sea level and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and is located in the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . which is managed by thomas doll and ferencvarosi tc . he also plays for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . stanford university is the alma mater of aip advances .
massimo drago plays for us castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he also plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . he was the mayor of stamford , connecticut and fought in the whiskey rebellion .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has an amc straight - 6 engine .
the antares rocket is similar to the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r ' aalsmeerbaan .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a v6 engine and a front engine design layout .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . alfred worden was a backup pilot .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the creator of april o ' neil is kevin eastman .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
austin is part of hays county , texas . the county seat of hays county is san marcos and english is spoken in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands in 1948 .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece , where the greek language is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed c - 130 hercules was involved in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 hercules transport aircraft are the lockheed ac - 130 hercules .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is a member of the bodhrán , percussion , autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party and worked as the minister of transport .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of indonesia .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
a long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
minna was the birthplace of abdulsalami abubakar .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
dunwoody is the largest city in de kalb county , georgia .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
shumai is a dish from china .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy .
germans live in germany .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and inter milan . paulo sousa plays for juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in the city of madrid .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii , where allan shivers fought .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio 1910 .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and is comparable to the antares rocket .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is signed to the shanachie records label .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is made of bronze .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , has a station wagon style body and is assembled in mexico city .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas . english is spoken in the u . s .
shiitake is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he is a member of the conservative party in the uk .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva and us citta di palermo .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
william anders is retired and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and started his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and bobina .
the gemstone benitoite is a gemstone .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the alvis speed 25 ' s transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company . it has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
germans live in germany .
aaron turner is a singer who plays electroacoustic music . he is a member of the band isis and sumac .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow who played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow which is managed by valery petrakov .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24 , 1989 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days , a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
akeem dent was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia and made his debut for the atlanta falcons . he used to play for the houston texans .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
finnish language is spoken in finland .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
christian burns plays the guitar .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle , illinois , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . it has a floor area of 120770 square metres .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town fc .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic character bolt is also known as larry bolatinsky and was created by dan mishkin .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones , written by brandon sanderson .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city and the county seat is san marcos .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adam koc , who died in new york city , fought in the polish – soviet war . joseph stalin was a commander in the russian civil war .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais . he also plays for us lesquin .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . ş .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 02 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german is spoken .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group . the inhabitants of the united states are called americans .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who play in the uruguayan segunda división . he also played for us citta di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
b zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters at four world trade center .
michele marcolini has been manager of a . c . lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio bari 1908 . the club is located in italy where pietro grasso is a leader .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , in the united states . fort worth is the largest city in texas , where austin is the capital .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6155910000000 . 0 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 660363300000 . 0 kilometres .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who died in west germany . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was halton arp .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the uk is led by elizabeth ii .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the country ' s currency is the turkish lira and the largest city is istanbul .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . and is the manager of acf fiorentina .
albert b . white , born in cleveland , was married to agnes ward white , who was succeeded by william m . o . dawson , was the governor of west virginia and finished his career on march 4th 1905 .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is the cleveland city council .
arlington is part of texas , where houston is the largest city .
1089 tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where washington dc is the capital .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the conservative party ( uk ) .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6155910000000 . 0 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 660363300000 . 0 kilometres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 3800 .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a total area of 344 . 9 sq km . atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
the airports authority of india is the operating organisation for agra airport which has the iata location identifier agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . joko widodo is a leader in indonesia , where peanut sauce is an ingredient .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens f . c . , the manager of which , is gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
alex day performs synthpop music .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
anders osborne ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues and he is signed to shanachie records .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
taro is an ingredient of binignit which is a dessert . a cookie is a type of dessert .
new york city is part of new netherland .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
alvah sabin began his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 04 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . vermont ' s largest city is burlington . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship draft of 4 . 6 m .
oleh luzhny is manager of fc karpaty lviv .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is signed to the record label universal records . he is associated with the band kaiser chiefs and marry banilow .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
dutch is the language spoken in belgium .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
andrew rayel began his career in 2009 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders . francois hollande is a leader .
the saab 9000 and the fiat croma are similar means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia , where vladimir putin is a leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24 , 1989 .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
dutch is the language spoken in belgium .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and served in the grenadier guards .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall , which was designed by robert a m stern and is located in virginia , united states .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he was a member of the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader and english is the language spoken .
the alhambra was wrecked and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
abradab was born on 11th november 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . the county seat of tarrant county is fort worth and spanish is spoken in texas .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . his genre is rock and roll originated from the blues .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
austin is part of texas .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii which play in the 3 . liga .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york , united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where the people are known as finns . juha sipila is a leader in finland .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and performs pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which has 248 pages and is available in hardcover .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is a leader and rome is the capital .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
dance pop singer andra was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a solo singer and reality tv judge .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and they have 1500 members . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where angola is part of indiana .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which was involved in the invasion of grenada .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the guitar .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders . francois hollande is a leader .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is marriott international . it has 23 floors .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a straight - four engine .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken and the location of aarhus airport is tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the u . s . newark is the largest city in the u . s . where the capital is trenton and native americans are an ethnic group .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building in the united states .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
a long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
b zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and the uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . it has 5000 members and godenzonen played in the 2014 season .
patrick mc loughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of new york city , where the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . alexis tsipras is a leader in greece where greek is spoken and nikos voutsis is the leader .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and spent 100305 minutes in space . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
airey neave served in the rank of lieutenant colonel .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader and the leader is mark rutte .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc and broadcast bananaman .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
abner w . sibal retired on january 3rd 1965 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics which is published by the johns hopkins university press .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
james craig watson was the discoverer of 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō and chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the tennessee titans .
the aid astella was christened on march 16 , 2013 and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length . it is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
the seat ibiza is the seat of the audi a1 .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and began his career on march 4th 1974 .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem . he plays for afc ajax and the netherlands national football team .
live nation entertainment is the owner of 3 arena in dublin which is part of leinster in the republic of ireland .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and the backup pilot was william anders .
baked alaska is a dessert that comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is a type of dessert .
the de soto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters in jinnah international airport .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4 hp18 qe transmission .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is gordon marsden and he plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool whose ground is in blackpool .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and it has a length of 2776 . 0 .
albuquerque is part of new mexico , in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with stanyan records and deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona . he manages the a . c . lumezzane .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague greece .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
norbert lammert is a leader in germany .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis milionis . the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
james craig watson was the discoverer of 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
sony music entertainment is the distributing company of rca records .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia on 1941 - 07 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas . english is spoken in the u . s .
live nation entertainment is the owner of 3 arena in dublin which is part of leinster in the republic of ireland .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and the uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york and hong kong , united states .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome and the language spoken is italian .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . the labour party is the leader of manchester .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . sami languages are spoken in finland , where juha sipila is the leader and the people are known as finns .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
the aid astella was christened on march 16 , 2013 and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length . it is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
county limerick is part of munster .
bacon sandwiches are also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group . the inhabitants of the united states are called americans .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and began his career on january 21 , 1947 . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is a folk musician signed to floating world records . she was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and is located in the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was princeton university .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq . the banjo is an instrument in country music .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
ace wilder performs hip hop music , which has its stylistic origins in disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he was a member of the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
alison o ' donnell performs folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . the labour party is the leader of manchester .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . he used to play for the new england patriots .
soho press is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the new england patriots .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where alpharetta is part of the state of georgia .
lettuce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who play in the uruguayan segunda división league . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of peñarol which is jorge orosmán da silva .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played with the band twilight and house of low culture . cello is an instrument .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
al kharaitiyat sc is in the qatar stars league .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is barack obama and the language is english .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla managed by luis miguel ramis .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on january 22nd 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva and us citta di palermo .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in the 2014 - 15 season .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
aek athens f . c . play in athens .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii , where allan shivers fought .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it is 610 metres above sea level .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in the netherlands .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where hailemariam desalegn is a leader .
the atlas ii was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the u . s . a . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . democratic party .
angola , indiana is part of the state of indiana in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team . he plays for fc tom tomsk .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat . it has a 3 . 8 m ship beam and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
the 3 arena was designed by the company populous and is located in dublin .
binignit is a dessert from the mindanao region of the philippines . it includes sweet potato and banana .
103 hera has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of 27 august 2011 .
bakso is popular in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . vajubhai vala is the leader of india where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . it is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was published in print .
americans live in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
alfred moore scales started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . it is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital city is london . the aston martin virage was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and stockport county fc .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in the netherlands .
320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states and has 22 floors .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the saab 9000 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . and gus poyet manages aek athens f . c .
the antares rocket was made by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on 28th october 2014 .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is a leader and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and served in the grenadier guards .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
binignit is a dessert from the mindanao region of the philippines . it includes sweet potato and banana .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from the technical institute kaduna .
the christening date of a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 07 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national ernie colon .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia , where standard chinese is spoken and tony tan is a leader .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute ' s motto is b . m . reddy .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is a leader .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is barack obama and the language is english .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the language is english , as spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument in i ̇ zmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s career ended on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and english is spoken there .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in marietta , ohio and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
allen forrest was born on the 4th of february 1981 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem . he plays for afc ajax and the netherlands national football team .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a 5 . 3 litre engine .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays for clyde fc . he plays for hamilton academical fc .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 . he was drafted by the florida panthers .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
massimo drago plays for a . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he also plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
aaron deer is signed to the record label kill rock stars .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . azerbaijan is led by prime minister artur rasizade .
afonso pena international airport is located in brasilia . the airport is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
arros negre comes from the valencian community .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he was a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it is served as a dessert .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . it has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron turner plays electroacoustic music and played with the band twilight .
alfred n . phillips worked as the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow who played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow which is managed by valery petrakov .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and jong ajax are the tenant of afc ajax .
madrid is located in spain .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is a member of the bodhrán , percussion , autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akeem adams ' s club is w connection f . c . united petrotrin f . c . , the ground of which , is palo seco .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed c - 130 hercules was involved in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 hercules transport aircraft are the lockheed ac - 130 hercules .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . mexican spanish is spoken in mexico .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of gettysburg in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander and native americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . it is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the mason school of business is located in the united states . the current tenants of alan b . miller hall are the mason school of business .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area code for anaheim is 657 and 714 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the champions are s . s . robur siena and sergio mattarella . italian is the language spoken in italy .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; 2005 - 11 - 26 .
alison o ' donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz music which has its stylistic origins in folk music and afrobeat as a fusion genre .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . it was completed in 1985 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics which is published by the johns hopkins university press .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the country is known as the president .
aaron turner is a singer who plays avant - garde metal .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises and is located in peoria , illinois .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math . and comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
chicken is a class of bird .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters in jinnah international airport .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and tab benoit .
county limerick is part of munster .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
new york city is the largest city in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
chicken is a class of bird .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
amc matador was manufactured by american motors and was succeeded by eagle .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . he plays country music which has banjo as an instrument .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar for sumac and performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital city is london . the aston martin virage was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president . olusegun obasanjo was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
a long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the lccn number 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 . it comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology .
the saab 9000 and the fiat croma are similar means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , which is located in arapiraca , brazil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american , duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
arianespace is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which was launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa .
bhajji comes from india where the people are known as indian people .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for anyang halla .
arianespace is located in courcouronnes and operates the ariane 5 which is operated by arianespace . the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city and the county seat is san marcos .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein is a senator in california .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and is published by sage publications .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and jong ajax are the tenant of afc ajax .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and is available in e - book .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a coupé with a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days , a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey which is led by don guardian .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . it has 5000 members and godenzonen played in the 2014 season .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 . he is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin and fsv zwickau .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine . the company is located in illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and one of the languages spoken is arabic .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia on 1941 - 07 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . the country ' s largest city is mumbai and the country ' s leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team and az alkmaar .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , is located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
adam holloway was born in kent .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where elizabeth ii is a leader and asian canadians are an ethnic group .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
alan bean was born in la vern bean , who was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . he retired in june 1981 and alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is a leader and rome is the capital .
the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is kochi .
gubbio comes from the region of umbria .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , france .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was a member of the labour party in argentina . isaac rojas was the successor to alberto teisaire , who was in office while juan peron was president .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoğlu and the capital is ankara . the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 was involved in the battle of libya in 1986 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon fighter aircraft are the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has 737 academic staff and its dean is thomas pallesen .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education , located in mumbai . tennis is governed by the international tennis federation .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode of birmingham is the postcode area is area . andrew mitchell is a leader of birmingham .
alligator records is located in chicago .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education , located in mumbai . tennis is governed by the international tennis federation .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . he was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president and oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar , who succeeded oladipo diya .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil . the club play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , the home ground of which is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and plays rock music .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . it has 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . the blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
peter laird , a united states national , was created by peter laird .
aaron turner is a singer who plays avant - garde metal .
andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label universal records . he is associated with marry banilow .
amc matador was manufactured by american motors and was succeeded by eagle .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod b . c . which is coached by zvi sherf . c .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
dance pop singer andra was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a solo singer and reality tv judge .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
auburn is part of the state of washington , in the u . s . the capital of the state is olympia .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by boris johnson and the european parliament .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona . he manages the a . c . lumezzane .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc tom tomsk .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it is served as a dessert .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
allen forrest performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which contains shiitake and is a variation of shumai .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae is of the order poales and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where the inhabitants are known as americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group there .
cake is a type of dessert , a type of dessert .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
spanish is spoken in new york .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic cm .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . the country ' s tenant is the marriott international hotel , which was founded in washington , d . c . lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country ' s largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1st 1969 . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a backup pilot .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al - khor .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the atlas ii is from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg air force base . cape canaveral air force station is the launch site of the atlas ii .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the batak is an ethnic group .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii rocket which is comparable to the delta ii , which is from the united states and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
arianespace is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which was launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united f . c .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv which is managed by oleh luzhny . his club is olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas and his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays for clyde fc . he plays for hamilton academical fc .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
dutch is the language spoken in belgium .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and inter milan . paulo sousa plays for juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , where francis g slay is a leader . he died in st . louis .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . its icao location identifier is viag .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he was a member of the whig party in the united states where henry clay is a leader .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for a . c . milan who play in serie a in the serie a league . siniša mihajlović is the manager of a . c . milan .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . he was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president and oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar , who succeeded oladipo diya .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the country is known as the president .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . sami languages are spoken in finland , where juha sipila is the leader and the people are known as finns .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where hailemariam desalegn is a leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode of birmingham is the postcode area ' b ' and the labour party is uk .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali is a leader in pakistan .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is african americans .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
banana is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in london .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
sri lanka ' s capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee . adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and is available in e - book .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 . it has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per sq km . the total area of arlington is 258 . 2 sq km .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is a folk musician signed to floating world records . she was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is signed to the shanachie records label .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where spanish is spoken .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship draft of 4 . 6 m .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore .
andrew white plays alternative rock music which has its origins in punk rock and is associated with marry banilow . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff and its leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . it is a variation of bakewell pudding .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , but more specific to java . the currency in indonesia is the indonesian rupiah and jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
the alhambra is now wrecked .
buffalo is part of erie county , new york .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod b . c . which is coached by zvi sherf . c .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the los angeles rams .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais . he also plays for us lesquin .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs , which was succeeded by the aston martin virage . the aston martin dbs is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
bhajji comes from india where sumitra mahajan is the leader and the currency is the indian rupee .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math . and comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a width of 1 . 55 metres .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of georgia .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar for sumac and performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . matteo renzi .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine . the company is located in illinois .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the country ' s currency is the turkish lira and the largest city is istanbul .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . it has 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters at four world trade center .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
william anders was born in british hong kong , where chris patten was a representative . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
gabriela michetti is a leader in argentina .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub , whose deputy is stephen yong kuet tze .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and performs pop music .
the novel castle is written in english .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , where olympiacos f . c . are previous champions .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba . its nickname is uab .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , was published in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 204770 - 2 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is desteaptă - te , române ! . the country ' s anthem is the germans of romania .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago which is part of du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and bo bibbowski , whose full name is bo bibbowski .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec . its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the lccn number 83646315 .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states . anaheim is led by the united states house of representatives .
the american journal of mathematics is published under the academic discipline of mathematics .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team . he plays for fc tom tomsk .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the new england patriots .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is spoken in great britain .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the atlas ii was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
the novel castle is written in english .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and succeeded by james w . reid .
the manager of 1 fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon barm .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the dutch language is spoken . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04m and its final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was a baptists and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
alessio romagnoli ' s youth club is a . s . roma .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is desteaptă - te , române ! . the country ' s anthem is the germans of romania .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
celery is part of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
acf fiorentina ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina s . p . a . ) has 47290 members .
buzz aldrin , who was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr , was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa .
aida cruises is located in germany . the aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
iraq born alaa abdul zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as vice president of new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwärts steyr club and plays for fc admira wacker mödling . he is manager of 1 . fc koln and fk austria wien is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan and it is 2014 . 0 metres above sea level .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team and az alkmaar .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . abu zahar ujang is a leader in malaysia , where malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
alan shepard is deceased .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is desteaptă - te , române ! . the country ' s anthem is the germans of romania .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a sedan body style and opel vectra .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery unit .
bo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he was a member of the whig party in the united states where henry clay is a leader .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for a . c . milan which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters in jinnah international airport .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team and az alkmaar .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
english is spoken in canada .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar for the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
abradab was born in poland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he plays trance music and is associated with christian burns .
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . sami languages are spoken in finland , where juha sipila is the leader and the people are known as finns .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 . he was drafted by the florida panthers .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens f . c . , the manager of which , is gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the u . s . houston is the largest city in texas . english is spoken in texas .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04m and its final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
angola , indiana is part of the state of indiana in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is the cleveland city council .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway name 4 / 22 .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
the amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and was assembled in 1974 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the headquarters of atlantic city international airport is four world trade center .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist héctor numa moraes .
spanish is spoken in new york .
angola , indiana is part of the state of indiana in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson plays the guitar for the band nrbq . rock music has its stylistic origins in country music and bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
alan frew performs rock music .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii rocket which is comparable to the delta ii , which is from the united states and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and it has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to the lancia thema .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , but more specific to java . the currency in indonesia is the indonesian rupiah and jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is amsterdam - noord .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 3800 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he plays trance music and is associated with christian burns .
peter laird , a united states national , was created by peter laird .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
alberto teisaire was a member of the justicialist party in argentina where spanish is spoken . he was in office while juan peron was president .
austin is part of hays county , texas . the county seat of hays county is san marcos and english is spoken in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and it has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alfred n . phillips worked as the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
born in the german empire , walter baade , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic cm .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on september 18 , 2013 . its final flight was on september 18 , 2013 .
the antares rocket was made by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on 28th october 2014 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and was launched at ela - 3 .
tomato is a member of the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters at four world trade center .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team . he plays for fc tom tomsk .
a long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in the netherlands .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 was involved in the battle of libya in 1986 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon fighter aircraft are the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
akeem adams ' s club is w connection f . c . united petrotrin f . c . , the ground of which , is palo seco .
adam mc quaid was born in canada , where o canada is the national anthem .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam , which was part of the american civil war conflict . robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by eagle . the amc matador is manufactured by american motors .
iraq born alaa abdul zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played with the band twilight and house of low culture . cello is an instrument .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
abdul taib mahmud ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region of colombia .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
elliot see died in st . louis , part of the kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in the country .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which was involved in the invasion of grenada .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked as a parliamentary group leader . mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is located in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a sedan body style , a sedan body style and opel vectra .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is ahora madrid .
allen forrest performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia , where vladimir putin is a leader .
carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of aida cruises which is the owner of the aid astella which was built by meyer werft . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
synthpop originated from pop music .
albert b . white , born in cleveland , was married to agnes ward white , who was succeeded by william m . o . dawson , was the governor of west virginia and finished his career on march 4th 1905 .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
aaron turner plays electroacoustic music and played with the band twilight .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country ' s largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
new york city is the largest city in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . he plays country music which has banjo as an instrument .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall , which was designed by robert a m stern and is located in virginia , united states .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé is a coupe with a straight - four engine and ended in 1958 .
addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for a . c . milan who play in serie a in the serie a league . siniša mihajlović is the manager of a . c . milan .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a sedan body style and opel vectra .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . his genre is rock and roll originated from the blues .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it had a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 02 and plays for the florida panthers .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which was involved in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft are the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
the alvis speed 25 was started in 1937 .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the comic book writer , ben urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg air force base . it is similar to the delta ii rocket .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a division called audi e - tron .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
adam holloway was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he is a member of the conservative party in the uk .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . alfred worden was a backup pilot .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert from the philippines . philippine english is spoken in the philippines .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from cape canaveral air force station . the atlas ii was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is desteaptă - te , române !
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york , united states . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th 1978 . he is associated with magik and kaliber 44 .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states . it was published in 1878 and published the american journal of mathematics .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . the area code for atlantic city is 609 . the leader of atlantic city is mayors .
william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
john buscema won the eisner award .
aleksandra kovac performs rhythm and blues music .
airey neave began his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 . he fought in world war ii .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader in germany , the capital of which is berlin .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands in 1948 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader and the leader is mark rutte .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where prokopis pavlopoulos is a leader and alexis tsipras are leaders .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
arlington is part of texas , where houston is the largest city .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick . limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the tennessee titans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . it is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
austin , texas has a total area of 703 . 95 sq km and a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . the area code for austin is 512 , 737 .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . the area code for atlantic city is 609 . the leader of atlantic city is mayors .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , in the united states .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia , where english is spoken . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago is led by rahm emanuel and the capital of illinois is springfield .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states . it was published in 1878 and published the american journal of mathematics .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records in london .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly which is part of the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport is 12 metres above sea level .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of uruguay is daniel martínez and the people of uruguay are called uruguayans .
michigan is located in the united states .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season and has 3000 members .
shiitake is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s career ended on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it was established in 2000 .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party and worked as the minister of transport .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and its president is elizabeth garrett . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and it is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the city of antioch is part of contra costa county , california , where english is spoken . the city is led by the california state assembly . the city is led by the california state assembly .
carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of aida cruises which is the owner of the aid astella which was built by meyer werft . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
arianespace is located in courcouronnes and operates the ariane 5 which is operated by arianespace . the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it is 610 metres above sea level .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for anyang halla .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore . the baduy are an ethnic group in java where tony tan is a leader and standard chinese is one of the ethnic groups .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
binignit includes sweet potato and banana .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba . its nickname is uab .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the west of franklin county and frederick county , maryland to the southwest .
a . f . c . blackpool play in blackpool .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises and is located in peoria , illinois .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
rock and roll originated from the blues .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the republic of serbia .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league . carpi f . c . 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is round rock . the county seat of williamson county is georgetown and english is spoken .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of malaysia .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones , written by brandon sanderson .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg air force base . it is similar to the delta ii rocket .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
dance pop singer andra was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a solo singer and reality tv judge .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and one of the languages spoken is arabic .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which contains shiitake and is a variation of shumai .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
orange county , california is in the united states .
madrid is located in spain .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
tomato is a member of the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km . it has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé is a coupe with a straight - four engine and ended in 1958 .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by p & o company located in london . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m and a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
the alv x - 1 was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
garth nix is the author of aenir which was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862 .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he was a member of the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is barack obama and the language is english .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery unit .
albuquerque is part of new mexico , in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader and the leader is mark rutte .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert from the philippines . philippine english is spoken in the philippines .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by eagle . the amc matador is manufactured by american motors .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is signed to the record label universal records . he is associated with the band kaiser chiefs and marry banilow .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and spent 8820 minutes in space . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
anderson , indiana is 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
the gemstone benitoite is a gemstone .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon barm .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of malaysia .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business media . it was founded by julius springer .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where the people are known as finns . juha sipila is a leader in finland .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey which is led by don guardian .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat . it has a 3 . 8 m ship beam and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6155910000000 . 0 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 660363300000 . 0 kilometres .
bhajji comes from india where the people are known as indian people .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
the amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and was assembled in 1974 .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . his record label is rca records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is the monarchy of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with stanyan records and deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
103 hera has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of 27 august 2011 .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club and sheikh russel kc .
audi was founded by august horch .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of the state of georgia .
1089 tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
the audi a1 is classed as a supermini and has a 1 . 2 litre engine , front - wheel - drive layout and a 1 . 2 litre engine .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
fruit preserves is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . it is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore where tony tan is a leader and halimah yacob is a leader .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield where frederick , maryland is the nearest city .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs taquirari music .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and felipe vi of spain is the leader .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . ş .
fallujah is located in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar for the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is spoken . batchoy comes from the philippines .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
batagor includes fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department in colombia .
alex plante was born in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he is 1 . 9304 metres tall .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs milonga music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
anders osborne is associated with johnny sansone .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
the atlas ii is from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg air force base . cape canaveral air force station is the launch site of the atlas ii .
buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
the de soto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
albany is part of oregon where salem is the capital .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae is of the order poales and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is the gujarat legislative assembly .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . which is managed by thomas doll and ferencvarosi tc . he also plays for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , which is located in arapiraca , brazil .
aleksander barkov jr is 1 . 905 tall .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc . he plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , ended his career on 30th march 1979 , was awarded the battle of france .
americans live in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
103 colmore row , located in birmingham , was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . it has 5000 members and godenzonen played in the 2014 season .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . is the manager of a . s . roma .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where the anthem is the star spangled banner .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is the hal light combat helicopter . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
andrew white is signed to the record label b - unique records .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the saab 9000 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and its president is elizabeth garrett . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and it is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is served by the new jersey region .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which has 248 pages and is available in hardcover .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05 l / 23 r and a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq . the banjo is an instrument in country music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 and performs acoustic music .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce et al . it has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader and the leader is mark rutte .
airey neave began his career on 30th june 1953 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which publishes the addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii which is from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara .
a long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight d . eisenhower .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
alligator records is located in chicago .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
andrew white is signed to the record label universal records . he is signed to the record label universal records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoğlu and the capital is ankara . the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
a long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
andrew rayel began his career in 2009 .
spanish is spoken in california .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
bo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
andrew white is signed to the record label b - unique records .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . alexis tsipras is a leader in greece where greek is spoken and nikos voutsis is the leader .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader and the leader is mark rutte .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 in the united kingdom . he died in london .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was married to casey ribicoff and native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and became a crew member on apollo 12 . he is now retired .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore where tony tan is a leader and halimah yacob is a leader .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 metres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and asian south africans are an ethnic group . the coloured people are an ethnic group in south africa .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the following musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and has 448 pages .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national ernie colon .
the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is kochi .
rolls - royce holdings is the owner of the a - rosa luna which is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the mason school of business is located in the united states . the current tenants of alan b . miller hall are the mason school of business .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where italian is spoken .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 02 and plays for the florida panthers .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records in london .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
the audi a1 is classed as a supermini and has a 1 . 2 litre engine , front - wheel - drive layout and a 1 . 2 litre engine .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
st . louis rams play in the city of st . louis .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc terek grozny , the chairman of which is sergey rodionov . he plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of gettysburg in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander and native americans are an ethnic group .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t seagle .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . his record label is rca records .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a petrol engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is amsterdam - noord .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
abel hernandez plays for penarol which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . it is a variation of bakewell pudding .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
azal arena is located in baku .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . he was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where washington d . c . is the capital .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , the leader of which is the liberal democrats .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
finnish language is spoken in finland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where english is spoken in great britain . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a straight - six engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . stanford university is the alma mater of aip advances .
costa crociere is located in genoa and operated by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere .
fruit preserves is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam , which was part of the american civil war conflict . robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , a german national .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york and hong kong , united states .
aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american , duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
american test pilot alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and was assembled in 1974 .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 kg , has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
meride is the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva and us citta di palermo .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . the country ' s largest city is mumbai and the country ' s leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
101 helena was discovered by the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
americans live in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert .
aaron turner plays electroacoustic music and played with the band twilight .
alan frew performs rock music .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group there . new york city is the largest city in new york city .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . stanford university is the alma mater of aip advances .
sausage is a main ingredient of a bacon explosion .
aleksander barkov jr is 1 . 905 tall .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and is 166 above sea level . the population density of attica is 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
audi was founded by august horch .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and spent 8820 minutes in space . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and performs pop music .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken in great britain .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina , where gabriela michetti is the leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome and the official language is italian . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and started his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and bobina .
black metal musician aaron turner , born in the united states , started performing in 1995 and played for old man gloom .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; 2005 - 11 - 26 .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch . ducati is a division of audi and lamborghini is a subsidiary of audi .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , the leader of which is the liberal democrats .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow who played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow which is managed by valery petrakov .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague greece .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records in london .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and tab benoit .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
bionico contains raisins and is a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico .
albuquerque is part of new mexico , in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which was involved in the invasion of grenada . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is a fighter aircraft .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level .
costa crociere is located in genoa and operated by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico . it comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . vajubhai vala is the leader of india where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
alison o ' donnell performs folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . the labour party is the leader of manchester .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it is 610 metres above sea level .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , is located in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
abradab was born on 11th november 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
above the veil is available in print .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . the country ' s tenant is the marriott international hotel , which was founded in washington , d . c . lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and the largest city is burlington .
the gemstone benitoite is a gemstone .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . frederick county is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield .
aida cruises is located in germany . the aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the los angeles rams .
acf fiorentina ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina s . p . a . ) has 47290 members .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway name of 10 r / 28 l .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia , where english is spoken . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the city of antioch is part of contra costa county , california , where english is spoken . the city is led by the california state assembly . the city is led by the california state assembly .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the airports authority of india is the operating organisation for agra airport which has the iata location identifier agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . frederick county is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier for the airport is viag .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
pop musician aleksandra kovac is associated with bebi dol and k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali is a leader in pakistan .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc and broadcast bananaman .
angola , indiana is part of the state of indiana , in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
1101 clematis , which has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is a key person at the marriott international hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he is now retired .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
banana is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the philippines .
julia morgan , born in california , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
allen forrest performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . abu zahar ujang is a leader in malaysia , where malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english .
alan bean was born in la vern bean , who was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . he retired in june 1981 and alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where spanish is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc tom tomsk .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , is located in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
bakso is popular in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . it has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc terek grozny , the chairman of which is sergey rodionov . he plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is the monarchy of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the largest city in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is from the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc anzhi makhachkala and he played youth football for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
allen forrest was born on the 4th of february 1981 .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is the hal light combat helicopter . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
alan shepard is deceased .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway name of 10 r / 28 l .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 cm tall . he plays for the scotland national under 21 football team and crewe alexandra fc .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania and performs dance pop music .
black metal musician aaron turner , born in the united states , started performing in 1995 and played for old man gloom .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the country is known as the president .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken and the location of aarhus airport is tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
alberto teisaire was a national of argentina , where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where spanish is spoken .
al anderson plays the guitar for the band nrbq . rock music has its stylistic origins in country music and bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital city is london . the aston martin virage was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan bean is from the united states .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
barny cakes have a size of 30 . 0 g .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
the audi a1 is classed as a supermini and has a 1 . 2 litre engine , front - wheel - drive layout and a 1 . 2 litre engine .
danes live in denmark .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he plays for a . s . s . nola 1925 .
austin , texas has a total area of 703 . 95 sq km and a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . the area code for austin is 512 , 737 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a v6 engine and a front engine design layout .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company . it has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is the gujarat legislative assembly .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is the hal light combat helicopter . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and his musical genre is rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny and the palace of westminster is the palace of westminster .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion , autoharp and funk are a derivative of jazz music . afrobeat is a fusion genre of jazz .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for a . c . milan which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r ' aalsmeerbaan .
acoustic musician alex day began performing in 2006 and is associated with the band chameleon circuit . he is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode of birmingham is the postcode area is area . andrew mitchell is a leader of birmingham .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for a . c . milan who play in serie a in the serie a league . siniša mihajlović is the manager of a . c . milan .
mahé , india is to the northwest of kerala .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . from afit in 1962 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman as a backup pilot .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on january 22nd 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
abdul taib mahmud ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by american duncan rouleau and stars ryan potter .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . the director is dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
acf fiorentina ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina s . p . a . ) has 47290 members .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region of colombia .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and it has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party and worked as the minister of transport .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the official language is philippine english and one of the ethnic groups is zamboangans . arabic is one of the ethnic groups in the philippines .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he later played for the houston texans who are based in texas .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italy national under 17 football team . he plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp .
1089 tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he was a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . joko widodo is a leader in indonesia , where peanut sauce is an ingredient .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of singapore and indonesia .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis milionis . the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the official language is philippine english and one of the ethnic groups is zamboangans . arabic is one of the ethnic groups in the philippines .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st , 1969 . frank borman was a backup pilot .
agnes kant was born in west germany and attended radboud university nijmegen . he was a member of the house of representatives and resided in doesburg .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel , which was founded in washington dc . the faroese language is spoken in denmark , where the leader is margrethe ii of denmark .
bionico contains raisins and is a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cottage cheese is a leader in mexico .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey , where the capital city is ankara . turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and the largest city is istanbul .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument in i ̇ zmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . in the turkish basketball super league .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is african americans .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . in the turkish basketball super league .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and has retired .
abel caballero , who was born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain , whose predecessor was francisco franco .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
alan bean is from the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . honey is a leader in mexico .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it had a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and is 166 above sea level . the population density of attica is 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv which is managed by oleh luzhny . his club is olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas and his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais .
300 north la salle is located in chicago which is part of du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in 2014 . they have 69618 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome and the language spoken is italian .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in rostock . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
new york city is part of new netherland .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania and performs dance pop music .
abner is a footballer for real madrid castilla , the manager of which , is luis miguel ramis . he plays for real madrid castilla .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states , where paul ryan is a leader . the country ' s capital is washington , d . c . and white americans are an ethnic group there .
abradab was born on 11th november 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian .
peter laird , a united states national , was created by peter laird .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km . it has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio 1910 .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc zestafoni .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international . it was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and contains granola .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has 737 academic staff and its dean is thomas pallesen .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
aleksandra kovac is an artist for the band k2 . he performs rhythm and blues music and is associated with kristina kovač .
adonis georgiadis was a member of the new democracy party in greece , where the colour is blue . he was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
the aid astella was christened on march 16 , 2013 and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length . it is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a sedan body style , a sedan body style and opel vectra .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of al - amin daggash . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the country ' s largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a honda k engine and a front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
binignit includes sweet potato and banana .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
101 helena was discovered by the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken in great britain .
juha sipila is a leader in finland where the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the saab 9000 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the solanaceae family are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas . english is spoken in the u . s .
adam mc quaid was born in canada , where o canada is the national anthem .
st . louis rams play in the city of st . louis .
agnes ward white was the wife of albert b . white .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college in cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and fought in the gulf war .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and bo bibbowski , whose full name is bo bibbowski .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
críona ní dhálaigh is a leader in dublin .
the saab 9000 and the fiat croma are similar means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 3800 .
abradab , born in katowice , is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club and sheikh russel kc .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and stockport county fc .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
manhattan is part of new york .
alessio romagnoli ' s youth club is a . s . roma .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . it is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where the inhabitants are known as americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group there .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq . the banjo is an instrument in country music .
baked alaska comes from the united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for the club ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine . the company is located in illinois .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
james craig watson was the discoverer of 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
a . c . chievo verona , italy has 39371 members .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th 1986 .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
alan frew plays rock music which has its stylistic origins in country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō and chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th 1978 . he is associated with magik and kaliber 44 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and has 448 pages .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoğlu and the capital is ankara . the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce et al . it has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
alex plante was born in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he is 1 . 9304 metres tall .
alison o ' donnell performs folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce et al . it has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
oleh luzhny is manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . and has a background as a non performing personnel .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh is a key ingredient in binignit .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group there . new york city is the largest city in new york city .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
james pain and george richard pain was the architect of adare manor .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
julia morgan , born in california , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 . he is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 . 0 kelvins .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party is the people ' s party .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . abu zahar ujang is a leader in malaysia , where malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is spoken in great britain .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a width of 1 . 55 metres .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is spoken in california .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii , where allan shivers fought .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the acura tlx is related to the honda accord .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn is part of the state of washington , in the u . s . the capital of the state is olympia .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and is published by sage publications .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
english is the language of the united states .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott . alfred worden was a backup pilot .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . its icao location identifier is viag .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is ahora madrid .
massimo drago plays for us castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he also plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
a long way is written in english .
alan bean is from the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per sq km . the total area of arlington is 258 . 2 sq km .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and was launched at ela - 3 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in london .
alberto teisaire was a member of the justicialist party in argentina where spanish is spoken . he was in office while juan peron was president .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and contains granola .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where the anthem is the star spangled banner .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
abel hernandez plays for penarol which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . the director is dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group . malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader and the leader is mark rutte .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abel hernandez plays for penarol which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
alan martin played football for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . are based in accrington .
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the christening date of a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 07 .
michigan is located in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
aaron deer is a psychedelia musician from indiana , united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the u . s . newark is the largest city in the u . s . where the capital is trenton and native americans are an ethnic group .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th 1978 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is t s thakur and narendra modi .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
the creator of april o ' neil is kevin eastman .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago is led by rahm emanuel and the capital of illinois is springfield .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . he was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president and oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar , who succeeded oladipo diya .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he was a member of the whig party in the united states where henry clay is a leader .
soho press is located in the united states .
bill marriott is a key person at the marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
james pain and george richard pain was the architect of adare manor .
asilomar conference grounds are located in the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
norbert lammert is a leader in germany .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in rostock . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1st 1969 . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a backup pilot .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway name 4 / 22 .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and is located in the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with floating world records and deram records in london .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
31 december 2006 is the epoch of 110 lydia , which has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
adonis georgiadis was a member of the new democracy party in greece , where the colour is blue . he was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and felipe vi of spain is the leader .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and its president is elizabeth garrett . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and it is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
aleksandra kovac ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion , autoharp and funk are a derivative of jazz music . afrobeat is a fusion genre of jazz .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
rock and roll originated from the blues .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and plays rock music .
peter laird is a united states national .
abradab , born in katowice , is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc terek grozny , the chairman of which is sergey rodionov . he plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
alex day performs synthpop music .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where washington d . c . is the capital .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and the uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c .
taro is an ingredient of binignit which is a dessert . a cookie is a type of dessert .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
the footballer abner was born in brazil .
auburn is part of the state of washington , in the u . s . the capital of the state is olympia .
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight d . eisenhower .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is juan afara .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader and the euro is the currency .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . the county seat of tarrant county is fort worth and spanish is spoken in texas .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
the alvis speed 25 ' s transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc . he plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 km per sec .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he is now retired .
baked alaska comes from the united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and began his career on march 4th 1974 .
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore .
300 north la salle , illinois , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . it has a floor area of 120770 square metres .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
indian people live in india .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which publishes the addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii . one of the languages spoken in canada is inuktitut .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
blues artist anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
aaron bertram plays ska punk music which has its stylistic origins in ska .
alberto teisaire , a member of the labour party in argentina , was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron , a member of the labour party in argentina .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina , where gabriela michetti is the leader .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
bill marriott is a key person at the marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport is located in brasilia . the airport is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues and he is signed to shanachie records .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert b . white , born in cleveland , was married to agnes ward white , who was succeeded by william m . o . dawson , was the governor of west virginia and finished his career on march 4th 1905 .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of malaysia .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked as a parliamentary group leader . mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as vice president of new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where the anthem is the star spangled banner .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , has a station wagon style body and is assembled in mexico city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is signed to the record label universal records . he is associated with the band kaiser chiefs and marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp .
karl kesel is an american .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery unit .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle . roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by eagle . wheel horse is a subsidiary of american motors .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages .
airey neave served in the rank of lieutenant colonel .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , ended his career on 30th march 1979 , was awarded the battle of france .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the 3 arena was designed by the company populous and is located in dublin .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of the apollo 8 crew . frank borman was a commander in the apollo 8 .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio , umbria .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states is john roberts and the leader is barack obama .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
abh . math . semin . univ . hambg is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg . it has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from the karnataka region . bhaji and bajji are the main ingredients of bhajji .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
1101 clematis , which has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has an amc straight - 6 engine .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party is the people ' s party .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of georgia .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club and sheikh russel kc .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
akeem adams ' s club is w connection f . c . united petrotrin f . c . , the ground of which , is palo seco .
abel hernandez ' s club is hull city a . f . c . and he played for us citta di palermo youth team .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the parliament of the united kingdom .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
binignit includes sweet potato and banana .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina , where gabriela michetti is the leader .
the gemstone benitoite is a gemstone .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a division called audi e - tron .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and is available in e - book .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovac performs rhythm and blues music .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is a leader and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington dc .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a straight - six engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
andrew white is signed to the record label universal records . he is signed to the record label universal records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
costa crociere is located in genoa and operated by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi is a leader in india , where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
pacific grove is part of california .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode of birmingham is b postcode area is the governing body of birmingham city council . john clancy is a leader of birmingham .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . he was the mayor of stamford , connecticut and fought in the whiskey rebellion .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the uk is led by elizabeth ii .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has a sub genre called christian alternative rock .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
julia morgan , born in california , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
fallujah is located in iraq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the headquarters of atlantic city international airport is four world trade center .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a sedan body style , a sedan body style and opel vectra .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is desteaptă - te , române !
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the dutch language is spoken . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the american journal of mathematics is published under the academic discipline of mathematics .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is warton , fylde , lancashire .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais . he also plays for us lesquin .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx has an awd vehicle .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis . the leader of st . louis is francis g . slay .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk and the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and succeeded by james w . reid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is spoken in great britain and asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the alvis speed 25 ' s transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and one of the languages spoken is arabic .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
alvah sabin began his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and his musical genre is hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
mahé , india is to the northwest of kerala .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and plays for the band kaiser chiefs . he is an artist for the band marry banilow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which was involved in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft are the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
norbert lammert is a leader in germany .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . mexican spanish is spoken in mexico .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
massimo drago plays for a . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he also plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 . it is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 was involved in the battle of libya in 1986 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon fighter aircraft are the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 and died in london .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
abh . math . semin . univ . hambg is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg . it has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a postmodern architecture . the building began in january 2014 .
adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the north of adams county and frederick county , maryland is to the southwest .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was a commander in gulf war .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 metres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in the city of madrid .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , where olympiacos f . c . are previous champions .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . it was completed in 1985 .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop originated from pop music .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is round rock . the county seat of williamson county is georgetown and english is spoken .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of new york city , where the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is a leader .
abner is a footballer for real madrid castilla , the manager of which , is luis miguel ramis . he plays for real madrid castilla .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine .
101 helena was discovered by the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
andra ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
anders osborne is associated with johnny sansone .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea fc and real madrid c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in austria and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
the united states air force fought in 1986 , bombing of libya .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce comes from .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
aaron deer is signed to the record label kill rock stars .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode of birmingham is b postcode area is the governing body of birmingham city council . john clancy is a leader of birmingham .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . the country ' s largest city is mumbai and the country ' s leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is spoken . batchoy comes from the philippines .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
1101 clematis , which has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
300 north la salle , illinois , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . it has a floor area of 120770 square metres .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
ace wilder performs hip hop music , which has its stylistic origins in disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is a leader in gujarat where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where spanish is spoken .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . it has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and his musical genre is rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united f . c .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . and hull city a . f . c . are managed by steve bruce .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
alessio romagnoli ' s youth club is a . s . roma .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states , where paul ryan is a leader . the country ' s capital is washington , d . c . and white americans are an ethnic group there .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per sec .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the comic character bolt is also known as larry bolatinsky and was created by dan mishkin .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where the leader is doris bures . he died in graz .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york , united states . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on may 29 , 1999 .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a coupé with a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th 1978 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league . carpi f . c . 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is made of bronze .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the republic of serbia .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he is now retired .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th 1986 .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
aaron deer is a psychedelia musician from indiana , united states .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin on august 27th 2011 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is spoken . batchoy comes from the philippines .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per sec .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . it has 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is a member of the bodhrán , percussion , autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is a key person at the marriott international hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought .
the airports authority of india is the operating organisation for agra airport which has the iata location identifier agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from the technical institute kaduna .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is warton , fylde , lancashire .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 . 0 kelvins .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al - khor .
the novel aenir was preceded by above the veil which was preceded by above the veil . the novel was preceded by above the veil which was followed by the violet keystone .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german is spoken .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the parliament of the united kingdom .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states . anaheim is led by the united states house of representatives .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk and the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece , where the greek language is spoken .
alex day performs synthpop music .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh is a key ingredient in binignit .
albert b . white , married to agnes ward white , began his career on march 4th 1901 and ended his career on march 4th 1905 .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who died in west germany . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was halton arp .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire .
aaron deer is a psychedelia musician from indiana , united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in marietta , ohio and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for a . c . milan which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia where the dish ayam penyet comes from .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
slavey is a language spoken in canada .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasília .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college in cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and fought in the gulf war .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
albany is part of oregon where salem is the capital .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . he used to play for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the new england patriots .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of aida cruises which is the owner of the aid astella which was built by meyer werft . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
al anderson plays rock music which originated from country music . the banjo is a fusion of rock music which has its stylistic origins in country music .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . in the turkish basketball super league .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where elizabeth ii is a leader and asian canadians are an ethnic group .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid where the leader party is ahora madrid .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american , duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and is published by sage publications .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has a sub genre called christian alternative rock .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport is 12 metres above sea level .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who died in west germany . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was halton arp .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader and english is the language spoken .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season and has 3000 members .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii which is from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovac is an artist for the band k2 . he performs rhythm and blues music and is associated with kristina kovač .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii which is from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is the hal light combat helicopter . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders . italy ' s leader is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi is a leader in india , where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a straight - six engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . the blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam , which was part of the american civil war conflict . robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
manhattan is part of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german is spoken .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield f . c . halton .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
orange county , california is in the united states .
alberto teisaire was a member of the justicialist party in argentina where spanish is spoken . he was in office while juan peron was president .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and the italy national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
alan martin played football for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . are based in accrington .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought .
aaron bertram plays ska punk music which has its stylistic origins in ska .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii which play in the 3 . liga .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with floating world records and deram records in london .
aleksandra kovac performs rhythm and blues music .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a honda k engine and a front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of indonesia .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area code for anaheim is 657 and 714 .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band bajik .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west . the institute has the arabian sea to its west .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
julia morgan ' s significant building is the los angeles herald examiner .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is african americans .
aleksander barkov jr is 1 . 905 tall .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t seagle .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was a member of the labour party in argentina . isaac rojas was the successor to alberto teisaire , who was in office while juan peron was president .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the language spoken is english , as spoken in great britain .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a width of 1 . 55 metres .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , where francis g slay is a leader . he died in st . louis .
austin is part of hays county , texas . the county seat of hays county is san marcos and english is spoken in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 in the united kingdom . he died in london .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis . the leader of st . louis is francis g . slay .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar for sumac and performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin on august 27th 2011 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space . the purple finch is a bird of purple finch .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises and is located in peoria , illinois .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 and performs acoustic music .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who play in the uruguayan segunda división . he also played for us citta di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
alberto teisaire , a member of the labour party in argentina , was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron , a member of the labour party in argentina .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th 1978 . he is associated with magik and kaliber 44 .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it is popular in the united kingdom and its alternative name is bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm .
allan shivers served in the united states army and began his career on january 21 , 1947 . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii which play in the 3 . liga .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . ş .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia .
andrew white plays alternative rock music which has its origins in punk rock and is associated with marry banilow . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
a long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
amc matador was manufactured by american motors and was succeeded by eagle .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and plays rock music .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was published in print .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band bajik .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore . the baduy are an ethnic group in java where tony tan is a leader and standard chinese is one of the ethnic groups .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city and the county seat is san marcos .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is signed to the shanachie records label .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where the leader is doris bures . he died in graz .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays for clyde fc . he plays for hamilton academical fc .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york and hong kong , united states .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona . he manages the a . c . lumezzane .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago which is part of du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united f . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
marv wolfman was awarded the kirby award .
the architect of adare manor is philip charles hardwick and it was completed in 1862 . the owner of adare manor is j . p . mc manus .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 km per sec .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is a folk musician signed to floating world records . she was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 . he is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome and the official language is italian . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan and it is 2014 . 0 metres above sea level .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which has 248 pages and is available in hardcover .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
gubbio comes from the region of umbria .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
akeem dent was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia and made his debut for the atlanta falcons . he used to play for the houston texans .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in rostock . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
pop musician aleksandra kovac is associated with bebi dol and k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the uk is led by elizabeth ii .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in the country .
andra ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls is a leader . baked alaska comes from france where the leader is gerard larcher .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . azerbaijan is led by prime minister artur rasizade .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat . it has a 3 . 8 m ship beam and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the solanaceae family are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he later played for the houston texans who are based in texas .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 . it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national ernie colon .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages .
atlanta falcons play in atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math . and comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which contains shiitake and is a variation of shumai .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the batak is an ethnic group .
polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al - khor .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 in the united kingdom . he died in london .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali is a leader in pakistan .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s career ended on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per sec .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . which is managed by thomas doll and ferencvarosi tc . he also plays for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , has a station wagon style body and is assembled in mexico city .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier for the airport is viag .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
sony music entertainment is the distributing company of rca records .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
103 hera has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of 27 august 2011 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport ' s runway name is 18 r / 36 l and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where italian is spoken .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th 1986 .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
the american journal of mathematics is published under the academic discipline of mathematics .
sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico . it comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , is located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc zestafoni .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of the audi a1 .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the headquarters of atlantic city international airport is four world trade center .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states .
the antares rocket was made by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on 28th october 2014 .
b zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , where francis g slay is a leader . he died in st . louis .
the euro is the currency in the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
the de soto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport ' s runway name is 18 r / 36 l and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st , 1969 . frank borman was a backup pilot .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where anandiben patel is a leader .
the manager of 1 fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas .
aaron bertram plays ska punk music which has its stylistic origins in ska .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a division called audi e - tron .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc and broadcast bananaman .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
adam holloway was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he is a member of the conservative party in the uk .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
audi was founded by august horch .
agnes kant was born in west germany and attended radboud university nijmegen . he was a member of the house of representatives and resided in doesburg .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18 november 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 metres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
juha sipila is a leader in finland where the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . is the manager of a . s . roma .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls is a leader . baked alaska comes from france where the leader is gerard larcher .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states . it was published in 1878 and published the american journal of mathematics .
the alhambra was wrecked and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
airey neave was awarded the military cross .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of the state of georgia .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , in the united states .
alberto teisaire was a national of argentina , where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where spanish is spoken .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
william anders is retired and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
blues artist anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
aida cruises is located in germany . the aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dessert from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sago and sweet potato .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of uruguay is daniel martínez and the people of uruguay are called uruguayans .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec . its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . matteo renzi .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
massimo drago plays for us castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he also plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute ' s motto is b . m . reddy .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it is served as a dessert .
garth nix is the author of aenir which was written in english and followed by above the veil .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
the comic book writer , ben urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was a commander in gulf war .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in austria and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
alfred n . phillips worked as the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which was involved in the invasion of grenada . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is a fighter aircraft .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . the blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
arlington is part of texas , where houston is the largest city .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . it was completed in 1985 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area code for anaheim is 657 and 714 .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its government is magistrate .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the national assembly is the national assembly .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , was published in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 204770 - 2 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is gordon marsden and he plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool whose ground is in blackpool .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 and died in london .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii . one of the languages spoken in canada is inuktitut .
alan frew performs rock music .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is a leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and it serves the city of alderney . it has a length of 877 . 0 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and was a politician .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs , which was succeeded by the aston martin virage . the aston martin dbs is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and english is the language spoken there .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where angola is part of indiana .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is located in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the united states and china .
the seat ibiza is the seat of the audi a1 .
alan frew plays rock music which has its stylistic origins in country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and was a politician .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
mahé , india is to the northwest of kerala .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . stanislaw tillich is a leader in germany .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
antioch , california has an elevation of 13 . 0 above sea level and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
the antares rocket is similar to the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c . and is a member of the labour party ( uk ) .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . matteo renzi .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was married to casey ribicoff and native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . benitoite , california , fossil smilodon was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . he died in california .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken and the location of aarhus airport is tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
pietro canonica designed the atatürk monument in i ̇ zmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region of colombia .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is marriott international . it has 23 floors .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from the karnataka region . bhaji and bajji are the main ingredients of bhajji .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a v6 engine and a front engine design layout .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia on 1941 - 07 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with floating world records and deram records in london .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle . roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by eagle . wheel horse is a subsidiary of american motors .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
abel hernandez ' s club is hull city a . f . c . and he played for us citta di palermo youth team .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome and the official language is italian . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis . the leader of st . louis is francis g . slay .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of gettysburg in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander and native americans are an ethnic group .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where joko widodo is a leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid where the leader party is ahora madrid .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league . carpi f . c . 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
english is spoken in canada .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west . the institute has the arabian sea to its west .
gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji which comes from the karnataka region . bhaji and bajji are the main ingredients of bhajji .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé is a coupe with a straight - four engine and ended in 1958 .
the euro is the currency in the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
aenir is written in english .
al anderson was born in windsor , connecticut and began his career in 1966 . he plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the u . s . houston is the largest city in texas . english is spoken in texas .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac began her career in 1990 and is associated with kornelije kovač and k2 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to the lancia thema .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is the monarchy of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states . anaheim is led by the united states house of representatives .
the alv x - 1 was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii .
320 south boston building began in 1910 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is the hal light combat helicopter . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 kg , has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwärts steyr club and plays for fc admira wacker mödling . he is manager of 1 . fc koln and fk austria wien is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
adonis georgiadis was a member of the new democracy party in greece , where the colour is blue . he was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and has 448 pages .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who play in the uruguayan segunda división . he also played for us citta di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and the italy national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs taquirari music .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . and hull city a . f . c . are managed by steve bruce .
polydor records is located in london .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is spoken .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a 5 . 3 litre engine .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
patrick mc loughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves .
alvah sabin began his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for the tennessee titans .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by american duncan rouleau and stars ryan potter .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played with the band twilight and house of low culture . cello is an instrument .
320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states and has 22 floors .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub , whose deputy is stephen yong kuet tze .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
cake is a type of dessert , a type of dessert .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrew white plays alternative rock music which has its origins in punk rock and is associated with marry banilow . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
karl kesel is an american .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who play in the uruguayan segunda división league . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of peñarol which is jorge orosmán da silva .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
danes live in denmark .
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is juan afara .
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
pacific grove is part of california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . and has a background as a non performing personnel .
abradab was born in poland .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , is located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
agustin barboza performs guarania music .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch . ducati is a division of audi and lamborghini is a subsidiary of audi .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc rubin kazan .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
al anderson plays rock music which originated from country music . the banjo is a fusion of rock music which has its stylistic origins in country music .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04m and its final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel , which was founded in washington dc . the faroese language is spoken in denmark , where the leader is margrethe ii of denmark .
garth nix is the author of aenir which was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia , where vladimir putin is a leader .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of the apollo 8 crew . frank borman was a commander in the apollo 8 .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where joko widodo is a leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t seagle .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . he was the mayor of stamford , connecticut and fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield f . c . halton .
abner is a footballer for real madrid castilla , the manager of which , is luis miguel ramis . he plays for real madrid castilla .
celery is part of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
elliot see died in st . louis .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the language spoken is english , as spoken in great britain .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly which is part of the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight . he is an artist for mamiffer .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
john cowper powys ' s notable work is a glastonbury romance .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of the state of georgia .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , france .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by boris johnson and the european parliament .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc anzhi makhachkala and he played youth football for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the united states air force fought in 1986 , bombing of libya .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . it is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs milonga music .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
abh . math . semin . univ . hambg is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg . it has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis milionis . the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc zestafoni .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , ended his career on 30th march 1979 , was awarded the battle of france .
31 december 2006 is the epoch of 110 lydia , which has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . and has a background as a non performing personnel .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
allan shivers began his career on january 21st 1947 .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by eagle . the amc matador is manufactured by american motors .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly which is part of the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
shumai is a dish from china .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders . italy ' s leader is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05 l / 23 r and a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . from afit in 1962 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman as a backup pilot .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities .
rolls - royce holdings is the owner of the a - rosa luna which is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
acoustic musician alex day began performing in 2006 and is associated with the band chameleon circuit . he is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company . it has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg air force base . it is similar to the delta ii rocket .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and plays for the band kaiser chiefs . he is an artist for the band marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and english is spoken there .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the largest city in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a petrol engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , which is located in arapiraca , brazil .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of al - amin daggash . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on january 22nd 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the architect of adare manor is philip charles hardwick and it was completed in 1862 . the owner of adare manor is j . p . mc manus .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 cm tall . he plays for the scotland national under 21 football team and crewe alexandra fc .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch . ducati is a division of audi and lamborghini is a subsidiary of audi .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west . the institute has the arabian sea to its west .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the national assembly is the national assembly .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town fc .
madrid is located in spain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader and manuel valls are leaders .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked as a parliamentary group leader . mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the fiat croma and the alfa romeo 164 are related means of transport .
gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio , umbria .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
benjamin urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the u . s . a . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . democratic party .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny and the palace of westminster is the palace of westminster .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders . the people of italy are called italians and laura boldrini .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is served by the new jersey region .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac began her career in 1990 and is associated with kornelije kovač and k2 .
alan bean is from the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
abradab , born in katowice , is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of georgia .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader and the euro is the currency .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building in the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and began his career on january 21 , 1947 . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and served in the grenadier guards .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was a baptists and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
abdul taib mahmud ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
elliot see died in st . louis , part of the kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
alvah sabin began his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 04 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . vermont ' s largest city is burlington . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in marietta , ohio and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
the comic character bolt is also known as larry bolatinsky and was created by dan mishkin .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and plays for the band kaiser chiefs . he is an artist for the band marry banilow .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he was a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05 l / 23 r and a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas . english is spoken in the u . s .
aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
virginia de marce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by ring of fire ii . the grantville gazette ii is preceded by ring of fire ii and the grantville gazette ii .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
barny cakes have a size of 30 . 0 g .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae is of the order poales and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 . it is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport ' s runway name is 18 r / 36 l and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
john cowper powys ' s notable work is a glastonbury romance .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion , autoharp and funk are a derivative of jazz music . afrobeat is a fusion genre of jazz .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . kochi is the leader of kerala .
gábor kubatov is the chairman of ferencváosi tc .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a honda k engine and a front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
airey neave began his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 . he fought in world war ii .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
celery is part of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii rocket which is comparable to the delta ii , which is from the united states and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and performs pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and was a politician .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
meride is the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio .
benjamin urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it is popular in the united kingdom and its alternative name is bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm .
elliot see died in st . louis .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and his musical genre is hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . the area code for atlantic city is 609 . the leader of atlantic city is mayors .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii . one of the languages spoken in canada is inuktitut .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader and manuel valls are leaders .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by p & o company located in london . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m and a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . the county seat of tarrant county is fort worth and spanish is spoken in texas .
albuquerque is part of new mexico , in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the west of franklin county and frederick county , maryland to the southwest .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in london .
bionico contains raisins and is a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
a . f . c . blackpool play in blackpool .
juha sipila is a leader in finland where the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where english is spoken in great britain . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and they have 1500 members . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis .
taro is an ingredient of binignit which is a dessert . a cookie is a type of dessert .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
marv wolfman was awarded the kirby award .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it had a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier for agra airport is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
lettuce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny and the palace of westminster is the palace of westminster .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where washington d . c . is the capital .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to warner music group .
the euro is the currency in the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is a leader in gujarat where sumitra mahajan is a leader .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 18 november 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is a leader and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . and is the manager of acf fiorentina .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader and manuel valls are leaders .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the lccn number 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 . it comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which was involved in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft are the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasília .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the dutch language is spoken . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the lccn number 83646315 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
aaron turner is a singer who plays electroacoustic music . he is a member of the band isis and sumac .
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore .
gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . and gus poyet manages aek athens f . c .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which publishes the addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
dave challinor is at stockport county f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay f . c .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is made of bronze .
andra is a dance pop singer who is associated with puya and crbl .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of the apollo 8 crew . frank borman was a commander in the apollo 8 .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield where frederick , maryland is the nearest city .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors .
albert b . white , married to agnes ward white , began his career on march 4th 1901 and ended his career on march 4th 1905 .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasília .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where anandiben patel is a leader .
1097 vicia , formerly known as 1928 pc , has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
anders osborne ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues and he is signed to shanachie records .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and the largest city is burlington .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to warner music group .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and jong ajax are the tenant of afc ajax .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and has retired .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 cm tall . he plays for the scotland national under 21 football team and crewe alexandra fc .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
akeem priestley plays for the club ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was a baptists and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department in colombia .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
alvah sabin began his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 04 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . vermont ' s largest city is burlington . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has an amc straight - 6 engine .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college in cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and fought in the gulf war .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean is thomas pallesen .
michele marcolini has been manager of a . c . lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio bari 1908 . the club is located in italy where pietro grasso is a leader .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages .
abel hernandez ' s club is hull city a . f . c . and he played for us citta di palermo youth team .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . he used to play for the new england patriots .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub , whose deputy is stephen yong kuet tze .
english is spoken in canada .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and spent 8820 minutes in space . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia where the dish ayam penyet comes from .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders . francois hollande is a leader .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and is comparable to the antares rocket .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil . the club play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , the home ground of which is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with stanyan records and deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon barm .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and english is the language spoken there .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague greece .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days , a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
danes live in denmark .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
a . f . c . blackpool play in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . stanislaw tillich is a leader in germany .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
polydor records is located in london .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is located in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh is a key ingredient in binignit .
michigan is located in the united states .
aleksandra kovac ' s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , but more specific to java . the currency in indonesia is the indonesian rupiah and jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . joko widodo is a leader in indonesia , where peanut sauce is an ingredient .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . and hull city a . f . c . are managed by steve bruce .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , in the united states . fort worth is the largest city in texas , where austin is the capital .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
al anderson was born in windsor , connecticut and began his career in 1966 . he plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
alan frew plays rock music which has its stylistic origins in country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō and chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
slavey is a language spoken in canada .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st , 1969 . frank borman was a backup pilot .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . he was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its government is magistrate .
tomato is a member of the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
garth nix is the author of aenir which was written in english and followed by above the veil .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 . it has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italy national under 17 football team . he plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
fruit preserves is an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode of birmingham is the postcode area ' b ' and the labour party is uk .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
rolls - royce holdings is the owner of the a - rosa luna which is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 and died in london .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and it has a length of 2776 . 0 .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . it is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building in the united states .
andra is a dance pop singer who is associated with puya and crbl .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where the people are known as finns . juha sipila is a leader in finland .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and his musical genre is rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by boris johnson and the european parliament .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the u . s . a . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . democratic party .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio 1910 .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . his record label is rca records .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist héctor numa moraes .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome and the language spoken is italian .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a total area of 344 . 9 sq km . atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is spoken .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of uruguay is daniel martínez and the people of uruguay are called uruguayans .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is located in brasilia . the airport is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and the largest city is burlington .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean is thomas pallesen .
agustin barboza performs guarania music .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students .
turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country ' s largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where alpharetta is part of the state of georgia .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . is the manager of a . s . roma .
binignit is a dessert from the mindanao region of the philippines . it includes sweet potato and banana .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero , who was born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain , whose predecessor was francisco franco .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where the inhabitants are known as americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group there .
arianespace is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which was launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he plays trance music and is associated with christian burns .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff .
adams county , pennsylvania is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the north of adams county and frederick county , maryland is to the southwest .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones , written by brandon sanderson .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs milonga music .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
blues artist anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
acoustic musician alex day began performing in 2006 and is associated with the band chameleon circuit . he is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
banana is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the philippines .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and is 166 above sea level . the population density of attica is 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in 2014 . they have 69618 members .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york , united states . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
a . c . chievo verona , italy has 39371 members .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cottage cheese is a leader in mexico .
county limerick is part of munster .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
dave challinor is at stockport county f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay f . c .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was a member of the labour party in argentina . isaac rojas was the successor to alberto teisaire , who was in office while juan peron was president .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
american test pilot alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the parliament of the united kingdom .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president . olusegun obasanjo was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . and gus poyet manages aek athens f . c .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick . limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . kochi is the leader of kerala .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , a german national .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
barny cakes have a size of 30 . 0 g .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem . he plays for afc ajax and the netherlands national football team .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and english is spoken there .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea fc and real madrid c .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey , where the capital city is ankara . turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and the largest city is istanbul .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the language is english , as spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . kochi is the leader of kerala .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey , where the capital city is ankara . turkey ' s leader is president ahmet davutoglu and the largest city is istanbul .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a 5 . 3 litre engine .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of indonesia .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 . he is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar for the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is located in ithaca , new york .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where anandiben patel is a leader .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is spoken .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece , where the greek language is spoken .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
the novel castle is written in english .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
indian people live in india .
