akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston , texas . he used to play for the houston texans .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aleksandra kovač is a pop musician associated with the musical artist bebi dol and bebi dol .
arlington , texas has a population density of 783 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where arabic is the official language spoken and the chinese filipino are ethnic groups .
azal arena is located in baku .
the antares rocket is comparable to the delta ii which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc lokomotive leipzig and played for 1 fc lokomotive leipzig .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which is a subsidiary of audi .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new mexico and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny who are managed by rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc terek grozny .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force . the airport is located in uttar pradesh and its leader is ram naik .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in the united states . it was established on 11th july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the monocacy national battlefield .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is a leader .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . s . is the largest city in new york city .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader is the president of the united states .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 m in diameter .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of the state .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway length of 4349 metres above sea level and a runway name of 14 l / 32 r .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
soho press is located in the united states .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and sheikh russel kc .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york .
parc olympique lyonnais is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin is now retired .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music , a fusion of which has its stylistic origins in folk music . funk is a fusion of jazz .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
honda makes the honda k engine .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine . 8 millimetres in length .
aaron deer comes from indiana , united states .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
albert b . white , who started his career on march 4th 1905 , was married to agnes ward white .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the founder of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio 1910 .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc whose home ground is new douglas park .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is the european university association .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , which is led by klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
azal pfk play their home games at the azal pfk , baku , azerbaijan .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri lankan rupee and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid , spain .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which was founded in california and is owned by caterpillar inc . engine .
300 north la salle has 60 floors .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia and indonesia .
agnes ward white was born in bloomington , ohio .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where white americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of atlantic city , new york city .
don guardian is the general manager of boston bruins .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from cape canaveral air force station florida launch complex 36 .
dave challinor is the manager of afc fylde and plays for stockport county f . c . c . fylde .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 24 . 0 millimetres long and a top speed of 24 .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . it has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the alternative name for black pirate is " black pirate " .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv whose manager is olympique lyonnais , whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . aleksandre guruli played for the parc olympique lyonnais club whose chairman is parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
baked alaska is a dish from france , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " . it is affiliated with the european university association .
aenir , written by garth nix , was written in english , which was followed by above the veil .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
abradab was born on november 11th , 1966 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the ethnic groups in japan .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has a sub genre called christian alternative rock .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the founder of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which can be served as a dessert and binignit .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . he was a commander in the gulf war , where george h . w . holloway was a commander .
ahmet ertegun plays rock and roll music which originated from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , plays for the italian national under 17 football team .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 8 m .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where one of the commanders was airey neave .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which was founded in peoria , illinois in the united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by artur rasizade . the capital city is baku .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for the a . c . roma .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the u . s . the county seat of alpharetta is atlanta .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . livorno calcio .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is led by neptun werft .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bakewell pudding serves warm or cold .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is located in the united states and is a contributing property .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 and is 1873 metres above sea level .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where the currency is the euro . agnes kant is from .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc spartak moscow .
the alhambra was built by samuda brothers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 . it has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
akeem adams was born in lufkin .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which was founded in peoria , illinois in the united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
bananaman was broadcast by stv and starred graeme garden .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architect 3 xn and has 23 floors .
the aid astella was built by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operates the aid astella which is owned by meyer werft .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , plays for shabab al - 20 football team .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is san sebastian de los reyes .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi , whose manager is aleksandre guruli .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
aaron deer ' s record label is rock stars .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and roger mc kenzie .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
austin is the largest city in williamson county , texas . houston is the county seat of williamson county .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alexandria , indiana has a population density of 6 . 6 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 992 . 6 sq km .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group .
new york city is part of new netherland .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
alison o ' donnell plays folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states and is located to the southeast of carroll county .
10 hygiea , which has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker , who played for stockport county f . c . blackpool . blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania . she is a singer who performs dance - pop music .
alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the department of commerce gold medal .
200 public square has 45 floors .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 september 1995 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and his record label is the solo singer .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 18 r / 36 r and is 2014 . 0 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . al - amin daggash was vice president .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , england , discovered 107 camilla .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , ahmedabad , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
agnes ward white was married to agnes ward white .
austin is the largest city in hays county , texas , where spanish is spoken . austin is the county seat of hays county .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is from the netherlands and has a 2 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
alfons gorbach , who was born in the state of tyrol , died in styria , in styria , austria .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 93645978 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in nigeria , graduated from the technical institute .
alberto teisaire , who was a national of argentina , was in office while juan peron , was president . alberto teisaire was married to eva peron , who is a member of the labour party in argentina .
the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems which is based in new york city and is led by alexander l . wolf .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
ferencvarosi tc is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
adare manor was designed by the architect adare manor which was completed in 1862 . it is owned by the architect richard j . p .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the largest city in the u . s . is newark and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 m in diameter .
afc fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia .
agnes ward white was married to agnes ward white .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the u . s . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the english language is spoken .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 4165 - 0 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , spain . the airport is operated by enaire and alcobendas .
asser levy public baths are located in manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 and has the reference number 80002709 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany and is led by neptun werft .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
allen forrest was born april 3 , 1981 .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
greenville is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with bobina and bobina .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as the deputy of popular parliamentary group .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the united states air force fought in 1986 .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . auburn is part of the u . s . s . square kilometres and has a population density of 783 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometres .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where tony tan is a leader .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , spain and worked as a member of the congress of congress .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by narendra modi and narendra modi .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . c .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type . it is owned by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a member of the flowering plant family and is a member of the flowering plant order .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and engineering company .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii , is led by asian canadians , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
the port authority of new jersey serves the port authority of new jersey .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists : armin van buuren , bobina , bobina , bobina , jonathan mendelsohn , jonathan mendelsohn , lira sixma , lira sixma , lira sixma , lira yin . trance music originated from pop music .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and siomay are variations of the same dish .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the architect john madin .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band . he plays country music and was a member of the wildweeds .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by chrysler , wheel horse . chapin jr . is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by chrysler .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 and starred steve bright .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 rq .
alan martin played for the scotland national under 19 football team .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where sergio mattarella and sergio mattarella are leaders . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 183309000 . 02 km per second .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , county limerick and county limerick .
albany is part of oregon in the united states .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s birth place is the netherlands .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are called tejano .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states .
luciano spalletti ' s club is carrarese calcio .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , french guiana .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , who play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , whose champions are vila nova futebol clube .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
andrew white is signed to the record label kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in nigeria , worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is published in hardcover and has the oclc number of 1 - 301 - 3 .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . in 1955 with a b . in 1955 with a b . he was a test pilot and is now retired .
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . it was added to the national register of historic places .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner ' s musical genre is ambient .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york and is a dish from france .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow ' s youth team , whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
fallujah is in iraq .
aaron turner is a singer who played for the band isis . he is a singer for the band isis .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag . 94 metres above sea level and its icao location identifier is viag .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
arlington , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km and a population density of 258 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
acharya institute of technology in india was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is led by artur rasizade .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number of 0 - 374 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
adam holloway lives in the adam holloway .
a fortress of grey ice is available in print and was written by j v jones .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
one of the ingredients of batchoy is shrimp .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales who studied at the university of gottingen .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues singer who began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
binignit is a dessert from the region of visayas , philippines . the main ingredient is sago and it contains sago .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is categorised as a contributing property .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre which is operated by arianespace and is located in kourou , french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a c cesena . s . d . d . cesena .
bananaman , starring jill shilling , starred in bananaman .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the united states . washington is the capital of the u . s . s . is the location of auburn .
albennie jones , a rhythm and blues artist , started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
abner was born in brazil .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is john roberts . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states is john roberts .
aleksander barkov jr was born 09 / 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team . s . roma , whose coach is alessio romagnoli .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , which is led by elizabeth ii . london is the capital of the united kingdom .
aaron turner is a singer who is a singer in the genre of music .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 4165 - 0 .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and died in madison , wisconsin .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which is a subsidiary of audi .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc whose manager is amar osim .
the amc matador is also known as american motors .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3 xn .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and blues originated from blues .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc spartak moscow .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham city council . the city council is governed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who started performing in 1995 . he is a member of the lotus eaters band and old man gloom .
rock and roll originated from blues .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and is the manager of acf fiorentina . c . milan club .
alex plante was born in 1989 - 09 - 1989 in canada and plays for anyang halla .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics electric boat .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
associazione calcio lumezzane , abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane , has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman created the comic character bibbowski .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
alfred n phillips , born in connecticut , was the mayor of connecticut and was succeeded by albert e austin .
buffalo is part of buffalo , new york .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has isbn number 978 - 0 - 0 .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
albennie jones is associated with the musical artist price .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is led by neptun werft .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 7 kilograms .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
aenir , written by garth nix , is written in english , which was followed by above the veil .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records and is signed to polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , served as a member of the crew member of apollo 8 crew . frank borman was a representative of apollo 8 .
aek b . c . is the coach of the euroleague .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . charlie w . dawson .
amsterdam is part of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is located .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language is spanish . bionico is a dessert .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 54 kilometres per second .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
alison o ' donnell started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales who studied at the university of gottingen .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
andra is a singer who performs dance - pop music .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs pop music .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the airport serves alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 210 metres above sea level .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 m in diameter .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in turkmenistan .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new mexico and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6 , 2005 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is the leader of manhattan .
arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a c cesena . s . d . d . cesena .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
the leader of pakistan is ayaz ayaz ayaz sadiq .
atlanta falcons play in atlanta .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell , performs hip hop music . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in disco and funk .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
greenville is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the city of antioch is part of contra costa county , which is part of the san francisco bay area , in california . the language spoken in california is english .
peter laird is a united states national .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york , united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city international airport which is led by don guardian .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the japanese occupation of sarawak , lives in sarawak , was succeeded by adenan satem .
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is published in hardcover and has the oclc number of 1 - 301 - 3 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on march 1979 .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and its largest city is istanbul . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . the turkish lira .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 began in 1994 .
english is spoken in the united states .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . it has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc whose home ground is new douglas park .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol and central espanol ( managed by jorge orosmán da silva ) who are in the uruguayan segunda división . he also plays for central espanol club .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where the currency is the euro . agnes kant is from .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the abbreviation of " aip adv .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
bhajji comes from india where the people are called indian people .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is italian . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago is led by rahm emanuel .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
abradab played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages a . c . chievo verona and plays for carrarese calcio .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war conflict , where leon trotsky was a commander .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , the leader of manhattan . manhattan is the location of asser levy public baths .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama ( formerly known as 1927 st ; 1927 wb ) has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is a tenant of afc ajax .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman created the comic character bibbowski .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is spoken in great britain .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are the malaysian people and sumatra .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington dc .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is called 06 / 24 .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi tel b . c . and is coached by the euroleague .
abner was born in brazil .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist epoch date of alfredo zitarrosa .
baked alaska is from france , where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . french is spoken in france .
austin is the largest city in hays county , texas , where spanish is spoken . austin is the county seat of hays county .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is made in neighbouring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
3 arena is located in dublin and designed by the company populous .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier for agra airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier for agra airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a crew member of the apollo 11 operated by nasa .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave , who started his career on march 4th 1974 , fought in world war ii and ended his career on march 1979 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched at ela - 3 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
andrew white is signed to the record label kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
pop musician aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia . disco is a fusion of pop .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield town f . c .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
john f . c . is the predecessor of john f . d . s .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
adare manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by george richard pain .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , spain . the airport is operated by enaire and alcobendas .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 / 09 / 1987 . he used to play for the atlanta falcons .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the fiat croma are related means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan .
asilomar conference grounds is located in the architectural style of american craftsman and crafts movement .
aleksandra kovač was born in the country .
antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 metres above sea level and a total area of 75 .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 , is located in haputale and is tudor and it has the architectural style of tudor and was completed in 1931 .
akeem adams ' s club is ferencvarosi tc , which is managed by thomas doll . he also plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose chairman is thomas doll and ferencvarosi tc .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . s . s . d . d . cesena . and has been the manager of a c cesena .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was a mayor of the u . s . army , who was a member of the united states army .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , is a mid - size car with an amc straight - 6 engine .
the antares rocket is comparable to the delta ii which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 18 r / 36 r and is 2014 . 0 .
the acura tlx , assembled at the marysville auto plant , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is a tenant of afc ajax .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . david scott was a backup pilot .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 139705000 . 6 .
april o ' donnell was created by april o ' donnell .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
san marcos is the largest city in hays county , texas . austin is the county seat of hays county . austin is part of texas , where english is spoken .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is from the netherlands and has a 2 .
azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 183309000 . 0 .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is made in ground beef , tapioca , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . athens is led by alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed c - 130 can be found in the invasion of grenada and uses the lockheed c - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 attack aircraft .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and performs jazz music . alison o ' donnell is a derivative of jazz . funk is derived from jazz .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and she plays the bodhran and performs jazz music .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , worked at the spanish socialist workers ' party .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in indonesia and indonesia .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number abh - mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
a long way has 292 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s birth place is the netherlands .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as a member of the parliament of greece .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . anderson , has a population density of 107 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometres and a population density of 107 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
one of the ingredients of batchoy is shrimp .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 523329000 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . 3 litre engine and the aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
de kalb county is the largest city in georgia .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
shumai is a dish from china .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is led by pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
germans are known as germans .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and is the manager of acf fiorentina . c . milan club .
al - zawra ' s manager is al - zawra ' a sc .
atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the city international airport serves atlantic city international airport which is led by don guardian .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
sportpark de toekomst is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office in the united states .
anders osborne is signed to shanachie records and chicago based alligator records .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed 25 engine .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where english is spoken .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for the a . c . roma .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador , has a v8 engine and is assembled in mexico city .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway , born in faversham , england , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
abel hernandez played for central espanol and us citta di palermo who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with bobina and bobina .
california is a member of california .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent and all - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent and all - silent with metal fully floating back back back axle .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a v12 engine . 8 millimetres in length .
germans are known as germans .
aaron turner is a singer who played for the band isis . he is a singer for the band isis .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union national football team and played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov . aleksandr chumakov played for the soviet union national football team .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
above the veil is written in english , which was followed by australians .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 3 , 121 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the city of lahore is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 744 square kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . 33968 kilometres .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 / 09 / 1987 . he used to play for the atlanta falcons .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the spoken language is finland .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
acharya institute of technology in india was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
christian burns plays the guitar .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is in livorno .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois . 0 square metres .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield town f . c .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 63800 . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
austin is the largest city in hays county , texas , where the county seat is san marcos .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae and it is made of poaceae .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . prabhukumar .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . joseph stalin was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais club is the parc olympique lyonnais club .
john van den brom has been the manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and jong ajax .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 september 1995 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
abel hernandez played for central espanol and us citta di palermo who are managed by giuseppe iachini . he also plays for us citta di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
b . miller camilla has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which serves the port authority of new york and new jersey .
michele marcolini has been the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio . he also plays for vicenza calcio and is managed by pietro grasso .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 139705000 . 6 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the largest city in texas is fort worth and the capital is austin .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar state beach and the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , oyster sauce , garlic , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and its largest city is istanbul . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . the turkish lira .
sumatra has an ethnic group called sumatra .
alvah sabin , who was born in vermont , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born on november 11th , 1966 .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose home ground is palo seco velodrome .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
albert b white , who was born in cleveland , was married to albert b white , was succeeded by william m o dawson , who was governor of cleveland .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . cleveland is governed by the cleveland city council .
arlington is part of texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and a periapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where one of the commanders was airey neave .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a length of 3800 .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a total area of 347 . 9 sq km . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres . the area code is 347 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
the airports authority of india is the operating organisation for agra airport which has the icao location identifier viag and agra airport in india .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and siomay are variations of the same dish .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play at the olympic stadium . the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located on east wall quay .
alex day performs synthpop music .
motherwell park is the home ground of motherwell park .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to shanachie records .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 523329000 . 0 .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a894 ha ; ; ; ; ; ; ; " is " .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b miller hall , virginia . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
taro is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert .
new york city is part of new netherland .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant , who was born in hessisch oldendorf , worked as a parliamentary group leader .
alvah sabin , who started his career on march 4th 1857 , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his 3rd congressional district .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . auburn is part of the u . s . s . square kilometres and has a population density of 783 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometres .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 .
fc karpaty lviv is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are the malaysian people and sumatra .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana .
andrew white started his career in 2003 . he is signed to the record label kaiser chiefs and is signed to marry banilow .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
the french language is spoken in belgium .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil and sesame oil .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in russia , died in russia , where the leader is aleksandr chumakov died .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil and sesame oil .
rolando maran was born in italy and manages a . c . chievo verona .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the french language is spoken in belgium .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he was a member of the conservative party in the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the mason school of business is the owner of the alan b miller hall in virginia , united states and is owned by robert a m stern .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
alfred n phillips , born in connecticut , was a member of the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin . austin .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is in livorno .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is located in the united states and is a contributing property .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is joe biden and the language is english .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 8 m .
abradab , who was born on november 12 , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is fort worth .
ahmet ertegun plays rock and roll music which originated from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington dc .
austin is part of texas .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york , united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , which is led by juha sipila .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
pop musician aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia . disco is a fusion of pop .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and rome is the capital .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
andra is a solo singer who was born in 1986 in câmpia turzii . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
agnes kant , who was born in hessisch oldendorf , worked as a parliamentary group leader .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . the manager of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is nikos e dimitra efxeinoupolis .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
alfred n phillips , born in connecticut , was the mayor of connecticut and was succeeded by albert e austin .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the guitar .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where aarhus airport is located in tirstrup which is part of the central denmark region . denmark is the location of aarhus airport .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the largest city in the u . s . is newark and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the comic character asterix is a french national who was created by albert goscinny .
the architect of 320 south boston building , the united states was george lincoln .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for the a . c . roma .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 7 kilograms .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
a long way has 292 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin rham / 1 are related means of transport .
b . miller camilla has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
abel hernández played for hull city afc and also for hull city afc . he also plays for hull city afc .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ( amateurs ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
patrick mc loughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales where bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart . it comes from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mc loughlin is a leader .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems which is based in new york city and is led by alexander l . wolf .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . athens is led by alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis and nikos voutsis .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he spent 100305 minutes in space for 100305 minutes in space .
airey neave was a governor of the same war .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 210 metres above sea level .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 34 . 3 square metres .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name at adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war conflict , where leon trotsky was a commander .
the tv series bananaman is broadcast by the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . the bbc is a key person at broadcasting house .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 and starred steve bright .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
abner w . sibal ended his career on march 1st , 1971 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president and succeeded oladipo diya .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a length of 211 feet .
albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander . albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war .
asser levy public baths are located in manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 and has the reference number 80002709 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan . the city of lahore is led by allama iqbal international airport and is located in punjab , pakistan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and its leader is austin fernando .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is the chinese people are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin , who was born on january 20th , 1930 , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 operated by nasa and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
akeem ayers used to play for tennessee titans and his draft pick is 39 .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in service on march 17th 2013 and is 253260 .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 54 km per second .
the audi a1 is related to the audi a1 .
azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres per sec .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 .
rolando maran was born in italy and manages a . c . chievo verona .
a severed wasp was produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 8 .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax . he is a member of the netherlands national football team and manages az alkmaar .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a crew member of the apollo 11 operated by nasa .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the chrysler newport is related to the chrysler newport .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . s . cesena and is in the club u . c . cesena .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic transmission .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker , who played for stockport county f . c . blackpool . blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool .
abner plays for the brazil national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla under 20 football team .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres above sea level .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label stanyan records and deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . c . chievo verona and is the manager of ac lumezzane .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium .
hip hop musician ace wilder was born in sweden . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 54 square kilometres .
the leader of germany is the leader of germany .
albert b white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 , lives in kuching , malaysia .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in turkmenistan .
the rca records company is owned by rca records .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of architecture .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , england , discovered 107 camilla .
abel hernández played for hull city afc and also for hull city afc . he also plays for hull city afc .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york and hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany is part of oregon in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken there .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , in the uk , where the labour party is the leader .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . finland is led by juha sipila and juha sipila .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi , whose manager is aleksandre guruli .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in service on march 17th 2013 and is 253260 .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and died in gottingen .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
county limerick is part of munster .
a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number of 0 - 374 - 6 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
allan shivers was a member of the united states army and fought in world war ii . he began his career on january 21 , 1998 .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , was a member of the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 , is located in haputale and is tudor and it has the architectural style of tudor and was completed in 1931 .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales who studied at the university of gottingen .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq and performs country music .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
alfred n phillips , born in connecticut , was a member of the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin . austin .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which can be served as a dessert and binignit .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , in the uk , where the labour party is the leader .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , new england patriots .
soho press is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are called tejano .
addis ababa city hall began in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa city hall and the current tenants of addis ababa city hall .
akeem ayers used to play for the new england patriots and his draft pick is 39 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
blt is a variation of a bacon sandwich and is a variation of a blt .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol and central espanol ( managed by jorge orosmán da silva ) who are in the uruguayan segunda división . he also plays for central espanol club .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
manchester is part of the greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is egg harbor township , new jersey .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff and a staff of 737 .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician with the band twilight and performed for house of low culture .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has the tenant of the ac hotel .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
110 lydia has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
abner plays for the brazil national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla under 20 football team .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow comes from .
1089 tama has a temperature of 373513000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , white rice , white rice , fried egg , arepa , arepa , arepa , black pudding , hogao sauce , avocado and lemon and lemon .
one of the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato which is a member of the solanales order solanales and banana .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and its leader is austin fernando .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders . barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken .
abel hernandez played for central espanol and us citta di palermo who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 season .
the comic character asterix is a french national who was created by albert goscinny .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
mulatu teshome is a leader in ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ab klink , who was born in the netherlands , attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as .
the lockheed c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where hailemariam desalegn is the leader .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , the leader of manhattan . manhattan is the location of asser levy public baths .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the u . s . democratic party . he was governor of connecticut and died in the u . s .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc tom tomsk and the russia national football team .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
3 arena is located in dublin and designed by the company populous .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it contains sweet potato .
103 hera has an epoch date of 27 august 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is made in neighbouring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 and is 1873 metres above sea level .
a fortress of grey ice is available in print and was written by j v jones .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales started his career on march 4th 1905 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association . the school has its headquarters in brussels .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
afc blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool , which is led by the conservative party ( uk ) . the leader of blackpool is stuart parker ( uk ) .
alison o ' donnell plays folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink , who was born in the netherlands , attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as .
the 320 south boston building has 22 floors and was designed by george washington dc .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a length of 211 feet .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny who are managed by rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc terek grozny .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who plays for chelsea f . c . c .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he was a member of the conservative party in the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it contains sweet potato .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in nigeria , graduated from the technical institute .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6 , 2005 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . prabhukumar and its director is dr . reddy . reddy .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bakewell pudding serves warm or cold .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny who are managed by rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc terek grozny .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is the president .
the mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo and he ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
albert b white was born in bloomington , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to william m o dawson , who was succeeded by william m o dawson who was born in charleston , maryland .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
allen forrest was born april 3 , 1981 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and died in madison , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax . he is a member of the netherlands national football team and manages az alkmaar .
the aston martin v8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled in the united kingdom .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , plays for hamilton academical fc and hamilton academical fc .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the japanese occupation of sarawak , lives in sarawak , was succeeded by adenan satem .
adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a c cesena . s . d . d . cesena .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
aaron deer ' s record label is rock stars .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by artur rasizade . the capital city is baku .
afonso pena international airport is located in afonso pena international airport which is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
arros negre comes from the valencian community .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
agnes ward white was born in bloomington , ohio .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae and it is made of poaceae .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and played with the band .
alfred n phillips worked as mayor of connecticut .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . s . cesena and is in the club u . c . cesena .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron summit assault club .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union national football team and played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov . aleksandr chumakov played for the soviet union national football team .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
the celestial body known as 103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . v . and their ground is sportpark de toekomst . v .
madrid is in spain .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and performs jazz music . alison o ' donnell is a derivative of jazz . funk is derived from jazz .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose home ground is palo seco . he now plays for united petrotrin fc .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed c - 130 can be found in the invasion of grenada and uses the lockheed c - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 attack aircraft .
aek b . c . is the coach of the euroleague .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the fiat croma .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and mexican spanish is spoken . bionico is a dessert .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b miller hall , virginia . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is egg harbor township , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association . the school has its headquarters in brussels .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to polydor records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b . miller hall in the united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a utc offset of - 8 .
1089 tama , formerly known as " 1089 tama " , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 , an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . it has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is italian . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d .
1089 tama ( formerly known as 1927 st ; 1927 wb ) has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music , a fusion of which has its stylistic origins in folk music . funk is a fusion of jazz .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as a member of the parliament of greece .
tomatoes is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner is a singer who is a singer in the genre of music .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
blt is a variation of a blt which is a variation on the club sandwich .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
the parent company of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , is the parent company .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) comes under the discipline of mathematics .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian burns .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 973 metres above sea level .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
chicken is a member of the class " chicken " .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km per sec .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
county limerick is part of munster .
bionico is a food found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is the mexican rupiah .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . s . is the largest city in new york city .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc whose home ground is new douglas park .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of 17 l / 35 r and a runway length of 17 l .
asser levy public baths are located in manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
chicken is a member of the class " chicken " .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force has douglas f - 15 eagle as one of its aircraft . c - 15 eagle aircraft .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors and was succeeded by eagle .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from colombian cuisine .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band . he plays country music and was a member of the wildweeds .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays the electric guitar . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while olusegun obasanjo was vice president .
a long long way is available in print and has the oclc number 57392246 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is the conservative party .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and lccn number 60040714 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
mulatu teshome is a leader in ethiopia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
banana is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and steven t . seagle .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and has the main ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre .
addis ababa city hall began in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa city hall and the current tenants of addis ababa city hall .
bhajji comes from india where the people are called indian people .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex plante was born in 1989 - 09 - 1989 in canada and plays for anyang halla .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre which is operated by arianespace and is located in kourou , french guiana .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
austin is the largest city in hays county , texas , where the county seat is san marcos .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce made with chili .
don guardian is the general manager of boston bruins .
alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and is published by sage publications .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
brown brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . v . and their ground is sportpark de toekomst . v .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is in livorno .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 100 .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
1089 tama , formerly known as " 1089 tama " , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 , an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a related means of transport . 3 litre engine .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related to the aston martin virage . 3 litre engine and the aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city international airport which is led by don guardian .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ( amateurs ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 . fc union berlin and is part of the manager of 1 fc magdeburg .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is owned by caterpillar inc . engine .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala , india . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and it is led by kochi .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
adam holloway lives in the adam holloway .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere and is owned by aida cruises .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
adam holloway was born in kent .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii , is led by asian canadians , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
amsterdam airport schiphol has an elevation of - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
alan bean , born in june 1981 , was a crew member of apollo 12 , where david scott was a backup pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 12 and backup pilot .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps .
aek b . c . is the coach of the euroleague .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and rome is the capital .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala which is led by kochi .
gubbio is in the region .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york and is a dish from france .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in office while juan peron was president . he was the successor of alberto teisaire was isaac rojas .
alfred n phillips , born in darien , connecticut , worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
the atatürk monument is located in i̇zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force is operated by the general dynamics f - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . c - 16 fighting falcon .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
alvah sabin , who was born in the state of vermont , worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has 737 academic staff . the dean is lars lokke rasmussen .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology in india was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation for technical education .
alvah sabin , who was born in vermont , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , born in birmingham , which has the b postcode area code john madin .
alligator records is located in chicago .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the acharya institute of technology in india was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation for technical education .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian navy , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president and his successor was al - 05 - amin daggash .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an escape velocity of 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres per second .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres per second and an escape velocity of 0 .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 14 sq km .
barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders . barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is the location of asser levy public baths .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of a bacon sandwich . a blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
peter laird is a us national who is the creator of april o ' donnell .
aaron turner is a singer who is a singer in the genre of music .
andrew white is signed to the record label kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors and was succeeded by eagle .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . 8 millimetres in length .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi tel b . c . and is coached by the euroleague .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andra is a solo singer who was born in 1986 in câmpia turzii . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine .
auburn is part of the state of washington , united states . washington is the capital of the state .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is led by boris johnson and died in sidcup , london .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from colombian cuisine .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . c . chievo verona and is the manager of ac lumezzane .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of the siomay dish from indonesia . it is a variation of the siomay dish .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
the coach of the italy national under 16 football team is the coach of the italian national under 16 football team .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
the leader of jalisco is the indian leader .
spanish is spoken in new york .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
romania ' s capital is bucharest .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the greenlandic language is spoken there .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
the stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music .
chili chili is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as the deputy of popular parliamentary group .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the currency is the president of turkey , the turkish lira and the currency is the turkish lira .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 along with frank borman as backup pilot and frank borman as a backup pilot .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club and al - khor sports club .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alhambra was built by samuda brothers .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre .
bananaman was broadcast by stv and starred graeme garden .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc and hamilton academical fc .
alan shepard was a crew member of the united states navy . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa operated apollo 14 which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv whose manager is olympique lyonnais , whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . aleksandre guruli played for the parc olympique lyonnais club whose chairman is parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , plays for hamilton academical fc and hamilton academical fc .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in the korean war .
the french language is spoken in belgium .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and is the manager of acf fiorentina . c . milan club .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 210 metres above sea level .
honda makes the honda k engine .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is led by francis g slay and died in st louis .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag . 94 metres above sea level and its icao location identifier is viag .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , was a member of the whig party in the united states , the leader of which , is henry clay .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for the club u . c . sampdoria , is a defender for the serie a . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian navy , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president and his successor was al - 05 - amin daggash .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . finland is led by juha sipila and juha sipila .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where hailemariam desalegn is the leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin virage which was succeeded by aston martin virage .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the country ' s leader is in punjab , pakistan .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
massimo drago plays for s . s . d . s . s . d .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on the 1st of september 1969 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri lankan rupee and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
10 hygiea , which has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
sumatra has an ethnic group called sumatra .
arlington , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km and a population density of 258 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , was a member of the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
anders osborne is signed to shanachie records and chicago based alligator records .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
blt is a variation of a blt which is a variation on the club sandwich .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where the javanese language is spoken . the dish ayam penyet is a dish from singapore region .
andrew white plays alternative rock music which has its stylistic origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell pudding . it is a variation of the bakewell pudding which is a variation of the derbyshire dales region .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in bloomington , ohio .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia and is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia and the currency is indonesian rupiah .
the alhambra is now a alhambra .
buffalo is part of buffalo , new york .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin virage which was succeeded by aston martin virage .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of rock music .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi tel b . c . and is coached by the euroleague .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington dc . the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
akeem ayers used to play for los angeles rams and his draft round 2 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
the comic character blockbuster ( also known as mark desmond ) was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais club is the parc olympique lyonnais club .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a length of 211 feet .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is led by elizabeth ii and is a related to the aston martin virage . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by aston martin virage .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is the leader and the currency is the indian rupee .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) comes under the discipline of mathematics .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to polydor records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
ab klink was born in stellendam , in the netherlands .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . s .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a two door coupe body style .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays the electric guitar . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and pietro grasso are leaders .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is owned by caterpillar inc . engine .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and its largest city is istanbul . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . the turkish lira .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 14 sq km .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which serves the port authority of new york and new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , served as a member of the crew member of apollo 8 crew . frank borman was a representative of apollo 8 .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where the javanese language is spoken . the dish ayam penyet is a dish from singapore region .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the novel castle is written in english .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of 17 l / 35 r and a runway length of 17 l .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , whose champions are olympiacos f . c .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george lincoln .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has isbn number 978 - 0 - 0 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is germans of romania and its anthem is germans of romania .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman are the full name of marv wolfman .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 3 kgs and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres per sec .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) has the issn number 83646315 and the lccn number 83646315 .
anaheim is located in california , united states house of representatives , where the leader is called the united states house of representatives .
the academic discipline of mathematics is math .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc tom tomsk and the russia national football team .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
1089 tama has a temperature of 373513000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem ayers used to play for the new england patriots and his draft pick is 39 .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and contains tomatoes .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazettes .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the novel castle is written in english .
adolf schärf ' s birth place is the birth place of birth .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
bread is an ingredient in a variation of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . charlie w . dawson .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc lokomotive leipzig and played for 1 fc lokomotive leipzig .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is the location of asser levy public baths .
atlanta is the leader of atlanta .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is near near near near university , near university , gujarat university , ahmedabad .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of a bacon sandwich . the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which has ketchup or brown sauce as its main ingredients . the blt , a variation of a bacon butty , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the french language is spoken . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight on 1998 - 03 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 11 .
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron deer comes from indiana , united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in the united states . it was established on 11th july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the monocacy national battlefield .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 80002709 .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was a crew member of the united states navy . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa operated apollo 14 which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of the state .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number abh - mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is germans of romania and its anthem is germans of romania .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
asilomar conference grounds are located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil and sesame oil .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family family .
acf fiorentina full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . a . a .
buzz aldrin was born by nasa and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , which is led by klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , plays for shabab al - 20 football team .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as the vice president of greece and was succeeded by makis voridis .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics electric boat .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln and is in the fk austria wien club . he is the manager of 1 . fc koln club .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport rovers f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey gadzhiyev . he also plays for fc amkar perm whose chairman is gadzhi gadzhiyev .
agnes kant , who was born in hessisch oldendorf , worked as a parliamentary group leader .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 54 kilometres per second .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and plastik mak .
bread is an ingredient in a variation of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
the area code for albany , georgia is the area code for albany .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysian indian is led by abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
bhaji or bajji is also known as bhaji .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is germans of romania and its anthem is germans of romania .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish .
alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for the iraq national under 23 football team .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the fiat croma are related means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan .
airey neave fought in the royal artillery and was awarded the cross .
bibbowski ' s full name is bibbowski .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , was a member of the whig party in the united states , the leader of which , is henry clay .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for a . c . milan who are managed by siniša mihajlović .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
the english language is spoken in canada .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of catalonia is spaniards and the parliament .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
abradab was born in poland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is led by ranil wickremesinghe .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and the leader is the president of turkey . the country is ahmet davutoglu .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where the javanese language is spoken . the dish ayam penyet is a dish from singapore region .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with john digweed and jwaydan moyine . he is associated with john digweed .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . finland is led by juha sipila and juha sipila .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play at the olympic stadium . the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where english is spoken and the largest city is houston .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight on 1998 - 03 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana as one of its ingredients .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . cleveland is governed by the cleveland city council .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport .
allan shivers , who was governor of texas , was succeeded by price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico and was assembled in 1974 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new mexico and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
bionico is a food from the jalisco region of mexico and has the main ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist epoch date of alfredo zitarrosa .
spanish is spoken in new york .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
rock musician al anderson is a member of the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
alan frew performs rock music .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of the runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of the runway name of al asad airbase . 88 .
the alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related means of transportation .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . 8 millimetres in length .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia .
allan shivers ' s successor was price daniel .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer .
arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia and is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia and the currency is indonesian rupiah .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their home ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
scott adsit was born in illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the indian rupee . bhajji comes from india .
jazz musician albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
amsterdam is part of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is located .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b miller hall , virginia . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a length of 3800 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
abradab played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with john digweed and jwaydan moyine . he is associated with john digweed .
peter laird is a us national who is the creator of april o ' donnell .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region .
alberto teisaire , a national of argentina , was in office while juan peron , was president . alberto teisaire is a member of the justicialist party .
san marcos is the largest city in hays county , texas . austin is the county seat of hays county . austin is part of texas , where english is spoken .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of the runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of the runway name of al asad airbase . 88 .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by aston martin virage .
alfred n phillips worked as mayor of connecticut .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana as one of its ingredients .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
german national , walter baade , discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched at ela - 3 .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce and is a member of the order solanales and the order solanales .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which serves the port authority of new york and new jersey .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc tom tomsk and the russia national football team .
viking press is the parent company of viking press , which is published by penguin random house .
ab klink , who was born in the netherlands , attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force is operated by the general dynamics f - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . c - 16 fighting falcon .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and tobago and tobago national football team .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the city of lahore is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose home ground is palo seco . he now plays for united petrotrin fc .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war , where robert e lee was a commander .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of 783 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which is a subsidiary of american motors .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , plays for shabab al - 20 football team .
scott adsit was born in illinois .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician with the band twilight and performed for house of low culture .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the abbreviation of " aip adv .
abdul rahman ya ' kub succeeded abdul rahman ya ' kub .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 54 kilometres per second .
elliot see died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte and is a member of the socialist party .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba state .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . 3 litre engine and the aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
ab klink was born in stellendam , in the netherlands .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the parliamentary group led by mark rutte .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . livorno calcio and has 19238 members .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the fiat croma and the fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan body style .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 183309000 . 0 .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number of 0 - 374 - 6 .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 183309000 . 02 km per second .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of the united states navy . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa operated apollo 14 and was awarded the department of commerce gold medal .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in russia , died in russia , where the leader is aleksandr chumakov died .
the aid astella was built by costa crociere who are located in germany and operates the aid astella which is owned by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
associazione calcio lumezzane , abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane , has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
albert b white , who was born in cleveland , was married to albert b white , was succeeded by william m o dawson , who was governor of cleveland .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and played with the band .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres per sec .
the discoverer of 107 camilla is 107 camilla .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the currency is the president of turkey , the turkish lira and the currency is the turkish lira .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . s . is the largest city in new york city .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band . he plays country music and was a member of the wildweeds .
the mason school of business is the owner of the alan b miller hall in virginia , united states and is owned by robert a m stern .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight four engine and was produced in 1958 .
addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for the club u . c . sampdoria , is a defender for the serie a . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the fiat croma are related means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
al - zawra ' s manager is al - zawra ' a sc .
ahmet ertegun plays rock and roll music which originated from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
aleksander barkov jr was born 09 / 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 15 eagle aircraft .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , lives in sarawak and lives in sarawak .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose home ground is palo seco velodrome .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
the alvis speed 25 began in 1994 .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital city council is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and roger mc kenzie .
the delta ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
allan shivers , who was governor of texas , was succeeded by price daniel .
afc fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
adam holloway , born in faversham , england , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . david scott was a backup pilot .
abradab was born on november 11th , 1966 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , gujarat university , gujarat . gujarat university is located at the university road .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
asser levy public baths are located in manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where the language is philippine english . sandesh is a dessert .
alan martin played for the scotland national under 19 football team .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from cape canaveral air force station florida launch complex 36 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its prime minister is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is germans of romania and its anthem is germans of romania .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan . the city of lahore is led by allama iqbal international airport and is located in punjab , pakistan .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is located in new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in the united states .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12 , 1982 . he played with the band kaliber 44 .
frank de boer ' s club is fc boer .
johns hopkins university press ( parent company : johns hopkins university press ) is based in the united states and is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is led by the city , has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
william anders joined nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is assembled .
chili chili is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
a fortress of grey ice has the isbn number 0 - 26131 - 6 .
john buscema won the inkpot award .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
airey neave , who started his career on march 4th 1974 , fought in world war ii and ended his career on march 1979 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is led by neptun werft .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is from the netherlands and has a 2 .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands . she worked at the house of representatives in netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
arlington is part of texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
akron is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , county limerick and county limerick .
akeem ayers used to play for tennessee titans and his draft pick is 39 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader . english is spoken in great britain .
above the veil is written in english , which was followed by australians .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 2006 .
austin , texas has a total area of 512 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of austin . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states and new york region .
atlantic city , new jersey is led by the city , has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , in the united states .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago is led by rahm emanuel .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 , lives in kuching , malaysia .
johns hopkins university press ( parent company : johns hopkins university press ) is based in the united states and is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics .
andrew white ' s record label is polydor records which is located in london .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the california state capitol .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
13 / 31 is the runway name at atlantic city international airport .
frank de boer ' s club is fc boer .
the largest city in oregon is the state .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is owned by the flemish department of mobility and public works .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where the leader is daniel martinez . montevideo is led by the politician daniel martinez .
michigan is in the united states .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo and he ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , worked at the spanish socialist workers ' party .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the city of antioch is part of contra costa county , which is part of the san francisco bay area , in california . the language spoken in california is english .
the aid astella was built by costa crociere who are located in germany and operates the aid astella which is owned by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte and is a member of the socialist party .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre which is operated by arianespace and is located in kourou , french guiana .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alex plante was born in 1989 - 09 - 1989 in canada and plays for anyang halla .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore , where tony tan is the leader . standard chinese is spoken in singapore , where standard chinese is spoken .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
one of the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is located to the west of adams county and to the southeast of pennsylvania .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
rock and roll originated from blues .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who are in serie b , who play in the serie b league , whose champions are christian panucci .
austin is the largest city in williamson county , texas . austin is part of williamson county and the county seat is round rock .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is the location of asser levy public baths .
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . it was added to the national register of historic places .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
anaheim is part of california which is led by the united states house of representatives .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
the delta ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
andra is a solo singer who was born in 1986 in câmpia turzii . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new mexico and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
alfred n phillips , born in darien , connecticut , worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of the siomay dish from indonesia . it is a variation of the siomay dish .
don guardian is the general manager of boston bruins .
orange county , california is in the united states .
madrid is in spain .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 and the lccn number 60040714 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number of 1 - 301 - 3 .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce and is a member of the order solanales and the order solanales .
alexandria , indiana has a population density of 6 . 6 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 992 . 6 sq km .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight four engine and was produced in 1958 .
the alhambra has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 8 . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington dc . the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type . it is owned by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spanish is spoken .
hip hop musician ace wilder was born in sweden . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
the alv x - 1 was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 100 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is written in english , which was followed by above the veil .
13 / 31 is the runway name at atlantic city international airport .
adare manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by george richard pain .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
alfred n phillips , born in connecticut , was a member of the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin . austin .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states and new york region .
airey neave fought in the royal artillery and was awarded the cross .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader is the president of the united states .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands . she worked at the house of representatives in netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where the language is philippine english . sandesh is a dessert .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which is a subsidiary of american motors .
andrew white started his career in 2003 . he is signed to the record label kaiser chiefs and is signed to marry banilow .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he retired on the 1st of september 1969 .
anderson , indiana has a population density of 107 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
california is a member of california .
bionico is a food from the jalisco region of mexico and has the main ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of a bacon sandwich . the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which has ketchup or brown sauce as its main ingredients . the blt , a variation of a bacon butty , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil .
hip hop music originated from funk .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the founder of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , which is led by juha sipila .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city international airport which is led by don guardian .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
bhajji comes from india where the people are called indian people .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico and was assembled in 1974 .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his record label is rca records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is the european university association .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label stanyan records and deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
103 hera has an epoch date of 27 august 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 11 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and connecticut huskies .
audi was founded by august horch .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and a periapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the audi a1 is assembled in brussels , belgium and has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive engine .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and plays for anyang halla .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader . english is spoken in great britain .
the area code for antioch , california is the area code for antioch .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 973 . 0 .
tony tan is a leader in singapore , where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where standard chinese is a leader .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where felipe vi is the leader and susana diaz is the leader .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spanish is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
john van den brom has been the manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and jong ajax .
fallujah is in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a member of the apollo 11 crew .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of colombia . lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and is an ingredient in the antioquia department .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
luciano spalletti ' s club is carrarese calcio .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce made with chili .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist the musical artist apollo 12 .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by aston martin virage .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station .
buzz aldrin , who was born on january 20th , 1930 , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 operated by nasa and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
the chrysler newport is related to the chrysler newport .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
albany is a city in oregon , where salem is the capital .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 and the lccn number 60040714 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . prabhukumar .
aaron deer comes from indiana , united states .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george lincoln .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , ahmedabad , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan .
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 3 , new zealand .
akeem adams ' s club is ferencvarosi tc , which is managed by thomas doll . he also plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose chairman is thomas doll and ferencvarosi tc .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
aleksander barkov jr ' s height is 1 . 905 .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc whose manager is amar osim .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil and sesame oil .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the discoverer of 107 camilla is 107 camilla .
103 colmore row has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ( amateurs ( amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for the a . c . roma club .
the alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the star spangled banner is the star spangled banner . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . s . s .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force which is located in uttar pradesh and bundelkhand air force .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for the iraq national under 23 football team .
juan carlos i of spain preceded francisco franco .
320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 4 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil and sesame oil .
13 / 31 is the runway name at atlantic city international airport .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - b .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
anaheim is part of california which is led by the united states house of representatives .
asilomar conference grounds are located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
the port authority of new jersey serves the port authority of new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level . it has a runway named 05 l / 23 r and is 3800 long .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq and performs country music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by virginia de marce , has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands . she worked at the house of representatives in netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
airey neave started his career on 30th june 1953 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which has the issn number wiley & sons .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 4 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
amsterdam ' s leader is der der der der universität .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the indian rupee . bhajji comes from india .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . auburn is part of the county seat of alabama .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the rocket is comparable to the delta ii which is comparable to the delta ii .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an escape velocity of 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres per second .
azal pfk play their home games at the azal pfk , baku , azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 744 square kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . 33968 kilometres .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and the leader is the president of turkey . the country is ahmet davutoglu .
viking press is the parent company of viking press , which is published by penguin random house .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
john f . c . is the predecessor of john f . d . s .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
alligator records is located in chicago .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records and is signed to polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
the atatürk monument is located in i̇zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
viking press is the parent company of viking press , which is published by penguin random house .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
spanish is spoken in california .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
bibbowski ' s full name is bibbowski .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - b .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . athens is led by alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis and nikos voutsis .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 1857 .
bionico is a food from the jalisco region of mexico and has the main ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 . he died in london .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is the european university association .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number of 1 - 301 - 3 .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . in 1955 with a b . in 1955 with a b . he was a test pilot and is now retired .
tony tan is a leader in singapore , where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where standard chinese is a leader .
azal pfk play their home games at the azal pfk , baku , azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 252000 . 744 millimetres in length .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital city is cape town and the asian south africans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists : armin van buuren , bobina , bobina , bobina , jonathan mendelsohn , jonathan mendelsohn , lira sixma , lira sixma , lira sixma , lira yin . trance music originated from pop music .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala which is led by kochi .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is owned by rolls - royce power type .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on 12 october 1986 , weighs 94 .
albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander . albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war .
1089 tama , formerly known as " 1089 tama " , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 , an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b . miller hall in the united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in the united states . it was established on 11th july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the monocacy national battlefield .
aleksander barkov jr was born 09 / 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
andrew white ' s record label is polydor records which is located in london .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
the audi a1 is assembled in brussels , belgium and has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive engine .
the amc matador is also known as american motors .
st . louis rams play in the city of st .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny whose chairman is sergey rakhimov and fc terek grozny . he also plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is germans of romania and its anthem is germans of romania .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t seagle .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number abh - mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his record label is rca records .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and engineering company .
amsterdam is part of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is located .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the city of lahore is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres per sec .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a member of the apollo 11 crew .
abel hernandez played for peñarol , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool and they have 1500 members .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell pudding . it is a variation of the bakewell pudding which is a variation of the derbyshire dales region .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
azal arena is located in baku .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in nigeria , worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the architect john madin .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , england , discovered 107 camilla .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , lives in the grenadier guards .
the spoken language is finland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
brown brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where the leader is called the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed 25 engine .
arlington , texas has a total area of u . s . sq km and a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operates the aid astella .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a member of the apollo 11 crew .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is called 06 / 24 .
aaron turner ' s musical genre is ambient .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war , where robert e lee was a commander .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
walter baade was a german national who discovered 1036 ganymed .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york and hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and steven t . seagle .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico and was assembled in 1974 .
adolf schärf ' s birth place is the birth place of birth .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
the municipality of mendrisio is meride .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 210 metres above sea level .
abel hernandez played for central espanol and us citta di palermo who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , oyster sauce , garlic , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala , india . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and it is led by kochi .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore , where tony tan is the leader .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where the capital is rome and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where the currency is the euro . agnes kant is from .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on the 1st of september 1969 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is led by pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , spain . the airport is operated by enaire and alcobendas .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana as one of its ingredients .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and played with the band .
alan frew performs rock music .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and she plays the bodhran and performs jazz music .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where white americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of atlantic city , new york city .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion .
aleksander barkov jr ' s height is 1 . 905 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the u . s . the county seat of alpharetta is atlanta .
audi was founded by august horch .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . its 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 497 . 0 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he retired on the 1st of september 1969 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs pop music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where english is spoken .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital city is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the official language is italian .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with bobina and bobina .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who started performing in 1995 . he is a member of the lotus eaters band and old man gloom .
1089 tama ( formerly known as 1927 st ; 1927 wb ) has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
the audi a1 is manufactured by august horch and is a division of audi which was founded by august horch . audi e - tron is a subsidiary of audi .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is a tenant of afc ajax .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the architect john madin .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of the united states navy . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa operated apollo 14 and was awarded the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union national football team and played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov . aleksandr chumakov played for the soviet union national football team .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium .
andrew white ' s record label is polydor records which is located in london .
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 3 , new zealand .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the alhambra has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 8 . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and has douglas f - 15 eagle as one of its aircraft .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operates the aid astella .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
blt is a variation of a blt which is a variation on the club sandwich .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , in the uk , where the labour party is the leader .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq .
the aid astella was built by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operates the aid astella which is owned by meyer werft .
abradab , who was born on november 12 , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for the iraq national under 23 football team .
above the veil is available in print .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the greenlandic language is spoken there .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city .
california is a member of california .
aarhus lufthavn a / s has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11th july 1907 and is located in frederick county , maryland . the nearest city is frederick county , maryland .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akeem ayers used to play for los angeles rams and his draft round 2 .
acf fiorentina full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . a . a .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and tobago and tobago national football team .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
one of the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato which is a member of the solanales order solanales and banana .
a severed wasp was produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 8 .
the city of antioch is part of contra costa county , which is part of the san francisco bay area , in california . the language spoken in california is english .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin rham / 1 are related means of transport .
107 camilla has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 479343000 . 05 days and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where the capital is rome and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the airports authority of india is the operating organisation for agra airport which has the icao location identifier viag and agra airport in india .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11th july 1907 and is located in frederick county , maryland . the nearest city is frederick county , maryland .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
aleksandra kovač is a pop musician associated with the musical artist bebi dol and bebi dol .
albert b white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the country ' s leader is in punjab , pakistan .
the tv series bananaman is broadcast by the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . the bbc is a key person at broadcasting house .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran , voice of the autoharp and autoharp .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as the deputy of popular parliamentary group .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km per sec .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . marriott international is a tenant of the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington dc .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar conference grounds .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , spain and worked as a member of the congress of congress .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
albert b white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysian indian is led by abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean , born in june 1981 , was a crew member of apollo 12 , where david scott was a backup pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 12 and backup pilot .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
the discoverer of 107 camilla is 107 camilla .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
albennie jones , a rhythm and blues artist , started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name at adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
the aid astella was built by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operates the aid astella which is owned by meyer werft .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 93645978 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is made in neighbouring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny whose chairman is sergey rakhimov and fc terek grozny . he also plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is the european university association .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is from the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow ' s youth team , whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the parent company of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , is the parent company .
allen forrest was born april 3 , 1981 .
manchester is part of the greater manchester .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force which is located in uttar pradesh and bundelkhand air force .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is kuala lumpur .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the prime minister is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the ethnic groups in japan .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
alan martin , who was born on 21 january 1989 , played for the scotland national under 21 football team and currently plays for the scotland national under 21 football team .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania . she is a singer who performs dance - pop music .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who started performing in 1995 . he is a member of the lotus eaters band and old man gloom .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
brown brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where aarhus airport is located in tirstrup which is part of the central denmark region . denmark is the location of aarhus airport .
alberto teisaire was a national of argentina , where the leader is horacio rodríguez rodríguez . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where spanish is the leader .
rock musician al anderson is a member of the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
asam pedas is a food found in the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are sour and hot sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group there .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan bean is from the united states .
al - zawra ' s manager is al - zawra ' a sc .
barny cakes have 30 . 8 g .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil and sesame oil .
the audi a1 is assembled in brussels , belgium and has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive engine .
the people of denmark are known as finns .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a c cesena . s . d . d . cesena .
austin , texas has a total area of 512 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of austin . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of amsterdam . 0 .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and the leader is the president of turkey . the country is ahmet davutoglu .
300 north la salle has 60 floors .
the acura tlx , assembled at the marysville auto plant , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a v12 engine . 8 millimetres in length .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president and succeeded oladipo diya .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , ahmedabad , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force . the airport is located in uttar pradesh and its leader is ram naik .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and plays rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin , who was born in the republic of ireland , where the leader is augustus pugin .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who is a fusion of jazz . alison o ' donnell is a fusion of jazz which has its stylistic origin in jazz . funk and afrobeat is a derivative of jazz .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abradab played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for a . c . milan who are managed by siniša mihajlović .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 18 r / 36 r and is 2014 . 0 .
acoustic musician alex day began his career in 2006 and is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
allan shivers ' s successor was price daniel .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
sportpark de toekomst is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , born in birmingham , which has the b postcode area code john madin .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for the club u . c . sampdoria , is a defender for the serie a . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
karnataka has mahe to its northwest .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the aston martin v8 is a coupe .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
atlanta is the leader of atlanta .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
abdul rahman ya ' kub succeeded abdul rahman ya ' kub .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar state beach and the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architect 3 xn and has 23 floors .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , lives in the grenadier guards .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
bhaji or bajji is also known as bhaji .
live nation entertainment is located in california .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps .
asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . it was added to the national register of historic places .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and its director is dr . g . prabhukumar .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
acf fiorentina full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . a . a .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where one of the commanders was airey neave .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . 3 litre engine and the aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
afc fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of the runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of the runway name of al asad airbase . 88 .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of jalisco is the indian leader .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , worked at the spanish socialist workers ' party .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 210 metres above sea level .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is published in hardcover and has the oclc number of 1 - 301 - 3 .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where arabic is the official language spoken and the chinese filipino are ethnic groups .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow comes from .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston , texas . he used to play for the houston texans .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron summit assault club .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , plays for the italian national under 17 football team .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran , voice of the autoharp and autoharp .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and a periapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and siomay are variations of the same dish .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia and indonesia .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where arabic is the official language spoken and the chinese filipino are ethnic groups .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on the 1st of september 1969 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman as a backup pilot and frank borman .
agnes kant , born in west germany , worked as a member of the house of representatives and his alma mater is radboud university nijmegen .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which was founded in washington dc , d . c . is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which is led by margrethe ii .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language is spanish . bionico is a dessert .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
the atatürk monument is located in i̇zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is the president ahmet davutoglu . turkey is the largest city .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is the president .
the area code for albany , georgia is the area code for albany .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . and is in the turkish basketball super league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . and is in the turkish basketball super league .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a sc . he was a crew member of the apollo 11 crew .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain . juan carlos i of spain was prime minister .
eric flint , born in burbank california , wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
alan bean is from the united states .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . bionico is a dessert .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv whose manager is olympique lyonnais , whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . aleksandre guruli played for the parc olympique lyonnais club whose chairman is parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece . they have 69618 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken there .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
new york city is part of new netherland .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania . she is a singer who performs dance - pop music .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla who are managed by luis ramis .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and the leader is paul ryan and white americans are an ethnic group .
abradab , who was born on november 12 , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
indonesian is spoken in indonesia .
peter laird is a us national who is the creator of april o ' donnell .
alexandria , indiana has a population density of 6 . 6 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 992 . 6 sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3 xn .
manchester is part of the greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the city international airport serves atlantic city international airport which is led by don guardian .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has 737 academic staff . the dean is lars lokke rasmussen .
motherwell park is the home ground of motherwell park .
aleksandra kovač is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with kristina kovač and kristina kovač .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was prime minister .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in service on march 17th 2013 and is 253260 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the fiat croma and the fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan body style .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . al - amin daggash was vice president .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . mumbai is the largest city in india which is led by kochi .
the acura tlx is assembled in marysville , ohio and has a front - wheel drive and all - wheel drive .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
one of the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where english is spoken .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , which is led by the indian leader .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a member of the flowering plant family and is a member of the flowering plant order .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 and the lccn number 60040714 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
the comic character blockbuster ( also known as mark desmond ) was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
st . louis rams play in the city of st .
agnes ward white was married to agnes ward white .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , began his career on 5th may 2005 , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman are the full name of marv wolfman .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 34 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi , whose manager is aleksandre guruli .
dublin ' s leader name is in dublin .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a length of 3800 .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with kaliber 44 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and connecticut huskies .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
afc blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool , which is led by the conservative party ( uk ) . the leader of blackpool is stuart parker ( uk ) .
greenville is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
manhattan is part of new york .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 and is 1873 metres above sea level .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located on east wall quay .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq and performs country music .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the fiat croma .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and sheikh russel kc .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is owned by caterpillar inc . engine .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is the conservative party .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located on east wall quay .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in italy .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15 april 1986 .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is the chinese people are an ethnic group .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spanish is spoken .
the lockheed c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12 , 1982 . he played with the band kaliber 44 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 2006 .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 4 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
alvah sabin , who was born in the state of vermont , worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is kharaitiyat f . c .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
above the veil is written in english , which was followed by australians .
the atatürk monument is located in i̇zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by virginia de marce , has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by virginia de marce , has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
alfred n phillips , born in connecticut , was the mayor of connecticut and was succeeded by albert e austin .
the celestial body known as 103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
fc karpaty lviv is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , d . , united states . and started out as a non performing personnel .
a severed wasp was produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 8 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana as a dessert .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where white americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of atlantic city , new york city .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar conference grounds .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and plays for anyang halla .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of the celestial body . 0 kelvins .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is san sebastian de los reyes .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysian indian is led by abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a two door coupe body style .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is spoken in california .
adam maher , who was born in the netherlands , plays for az alkmaar and az alkmaar club .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an escape velocity of 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres per second .
the acura tlx is related to the honda accord .
abner w . sibal served in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn is part of the state of washington , united states . washington is the capital of the state .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a894 ha ; ; ; ; ; ; ; " is " .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 183309000 . 0 .
sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and is published by sage publications .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
english is spoken in the united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . david scott was a backup pilot .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag . 94 metres above sea level and its icao location identifier is viag .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . auburn is part of the u . s . s . square kilometres and has a population density of 783 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometres .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . s . s . d . d . cesena . and has been the manager of a c cesena .
a long way was written in english .
alan bean is from the united states .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
arlington , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km and a population density of 258 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
asam pedas is a food found in the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are sour and hot sauce .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on march 1979 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched at ela - 3 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alberto teisaire , a national of argentina , was in office while juan peron , was president . alberto teisaire is a member of the justicialist party .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
the alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the star spangled banner is the star spangled banner . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . s . s .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
abel hernandez played for peñarol , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin is now retired .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and its director is dr . g . prabhukumar .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are the malaysian people and sumatra .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abel hernandez played for peñarol , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
allan shivers , who was governor of texas , was succeeded by price daniel .
alan martin played for accrington stanley f . c . whose home ground is accrington stanley fc .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6 , 2005 .
michigan is in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and performs psychedelia music .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the largest city in the u . s . is newark and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
abradab was born in katowice , in katowice .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by narendra modi and narendra modi .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics electric boat .
alfred n phillips , born in darien , connecticut , worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
april o ' donnell was created by april o ' donnell .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago is led by rahm emanuel .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian navy , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president and his successor was al - 05 - amin daggash .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , was a member of the whig party in the united states , the leader of which , is henry clay .
soho press is located in the united states .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , maryland .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla on 7 august 2006 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
asilomar conference grounds is located in the architectural style of american craftsman and crafts movement .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the leader of germany is the leader of germany .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in peanut sauce .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 along with frank borman as backup pilot and frank borman as a backup pilot .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , white rice , white rice , fried egg , arepa , arepa , arepa , black pudding , hogao sauce , avocado and lemon and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 , is located in haputale and is tudor and it has the architectural style of tudor and was completed in 1931 .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records and floating world records .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related to the aston martin virage . 3 litre engine and the aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
110 lydia has a periapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was prime minister .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where felipe vi is the leader and susana diaz is the leader .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who is a fusion of jazz . alison o ' donnell is a fusion of jazz which has its stylistic origin in jazz . funk and afrobeat is a derivative of jazz .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . anderson , has a population density of 107 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometres and a population density of 107 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
rock and roll originated from blues .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which was founded in california and is owned by caterpillar inc . engine .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
peter laird is a united states national .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with kaliber 44 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny whose chairman is sergey rakhimov and fc terek grozny . he also plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the indian rupee . bhajji comes from india .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and its leader is austin fernando .
alex day performs synthpop music .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres per second and an escape velocity of 0 .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 1857 .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
abner w . sibal served in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
abel hernández played for hull city afc and also for hull city afc . he also plays for hull city afc .
taro is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron summit assault club .
abner was born in brazil .
auburn is part of the state of washington , united states . washington is the capital of the state .
john f . c . is the predecessor of john f . d . s .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is the conservative party .
asser levy public baths are located in manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is juan afara .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is fort worth .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent and all - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent and all - silent with metal fully floating back back back axle .
alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc whose manager is amar osim .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 54 km per second .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
300 north la salle has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois . 0 square metres .
attica , indiana has an elevation above sea level .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
a fortress of grey ice has the isbn number 0 - 26131 - 6 .
indian people live in india .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which has the issn number wiley & sons .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii , is the national anthem of canada , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and has the main ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
honda makes the honda k engine .
anders osborne began performing in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
ska punk musician aaron bertram is a member of the suburban legends band .
alberto teisaire , who was a national of argentina , was in office while juan peron , was president . alberto teisaire was married to eva peron , who is a member of the labour party in argentina .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of rock music .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , maryland .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport is located in afonso pena international airport which is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to shanachie records .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , white rice , white rice , fried egg , chorizo , arepa , arepa , black pudding , arepa , black pudding , black pudding .
albert b white , who was born in cleveland , was married to albert b white , was succeeded by william m o dawson , who was governor of cleveland .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with the musician marius moga .
abner plays for the brazil national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla under 20 football team .
aarhus lufthavn a / s has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the parliamentary group led by mark rutte .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as the vice president of greece and was succeeded by makis voridis .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university ( established in 1928 ) is affiliated with the european university association .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop .
the alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the star spangled banner is the star spangled banner . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . s . s .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador , has a v8 engine and is assembled in mexico city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 523329000 . 0 .
andrew white started his career in 2003 . he is signed to the record label kaiser chiefs and is signed to marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran , voice of the autoharp and autoharp .
karl kesel is an american .
airey neave fought in the royal artillery and was awarded the cross .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by chrysler , wheel horse . chapin jr . is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by chrysler .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and has a total of 1 . 524 metres .
airey neave was a governor of the same war .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
3 arena is located in dublin and designed by the company populous .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 , where frank borman was a commander .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 4 . 0 .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is john roberts . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states is john roberts .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , white rice , white rice , fried egg , arepa , arepa , arepa , black pudding , hogao sauce , avocado and lemon and lemon .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . math . univ . hambg . ) has the lccn number abh . hambg .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) comes from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km per sec .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , is a mid - size car with an amc straight - 6 engine .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and died in madison , wisconsin .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazettes .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is san sebastian de los reyes .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and connecticut huskies .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
andrew rayel is associated with armin van buuren and armin van buuren .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose home ground is palo seco . he now plays for united petrotrin fc .
abel hernandez ' s club is us citta di palermo and he has played for central espanol and for central espanol .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom . he died in sidcup , london , which is led by the labour party .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
one of the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
california is a member of california .
1 fc magdeburg has 50000 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a894 ha ; ; ; ; ; ; ; " is " .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . s .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the capital and the leader is washington dc .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed 25 engine .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records and is signed to polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operates the aid astella .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on 12 october 1986 , weighs 94 .
pacific grove is part of california .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary body .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham city council . the city council is governed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was a mayor of the u . s . army , who was a member of the united states army .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has a sub genre called christian alternative rock .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and is now retired .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar conference grounds .
fallujah is in iraq .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport rovers f . c .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the fiat croma and the fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan body style .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on march 1979 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its prime minister is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is germans of romania and its anthem is germans of romania .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where the capital is rome and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the french language is spoken . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
andrew rayel is associated with armin van buuren and armin van buuren .
the academic discipline of mathematics is math .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
bionico is a food found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is the mexican rupiah .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais club is the parc olympique lyonnais club .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , part of greater st . louis and is led by francis g slay .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , which is led by elizabeth ii . london is the capital of the united kingdom .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . charlie w . dawson .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid , spain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is spoken in great britain .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent and all - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent and all - silent with metal fully floating back back back axle .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
bananaman , starring jill shilling , starred in bananaman .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
alvah sabin started his career on march 4th 1905 .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell , performs hip hop music . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in disco and funk .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on the 1st of september 1969 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
karnataka has mahe to its northwest .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey gadzhiyev . he also plays for fc amkar perm whose chairman is gadzhi gadzhiyev .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 15 eagle aircraft .
the leader of germany is the leader of germany .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states .
200 public square has 45 floors .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and mexican spanish is spoken . bionico is a dessert .
arlington , texas has a total area of u . s . sq km and a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a c cesena . s . d . d . cesena .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 24 . 0 millimetres long and a top speed of 24 .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . auburn is part of the county seat of alabama .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malay peninsula .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force is operated by the general dynamics f - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . c - 16 fighting falcon .
110 lydia has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , lives in sarawak and lives in sarawak .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . math . univ . hambg . ) has the lccn number abh . hambg .
the parent company of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , is the parent company .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it began in january 2014 and has 12 floors .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is categorised as a contributing property .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . he was a commander in the gulf war , where george h . w . holloway was a commander .
banana is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and is now retired .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 252000 . 744 millimetres in length .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , whose champions are olympiacos f . c .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
albert b white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
austin is the largest city in williamson county , texas . austin is part of williamson county and the county seat is round rock .
rolando maran was born in italy and manages a . c . chievo verona .
the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems which is based in new york city and is led by alexander l . wolf .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla who are managed by luis ramis .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
the mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 744 square kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . 33968 kilometres .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and blues originated from blues .
bread is an ingredient in a variation of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist the musical artist apollo 12 .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore , where tony tan is the leader .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . livorno calcio .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach , who was born in the state of tyrol , died in styria , in styria , austria .
the united states air force fought in 1986 .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool and they have 1500 members .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital city council is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
aaron deer ' s record label is rock stars .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham city council . the city council is governed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in shirley , derbyshire .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala , india . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and it is led by kochi .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on 12 october 1986 , weighs 94 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff and a staff of 737 .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km per sec .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and contains tomatoes .
300 north la salle has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois . 0 square metres .
adolf schärf ' s birth place is the birth place of birth .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and plays rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc and hamilton academical fc .
abel hernández played for hull city afc and also in the uruguayan primera división league . he also plays for hull city afc .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and the leader is paul ryan and white americans are an ethnic group .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 139705000 . 6 .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was a crew member of the united states navy . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa operated apollo 14 which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is a leader .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is located in new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in the united states .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
alvah sabin , who was born in the state of vermont , worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a related means of transport . 3 litre engine .
abradab was born in katowice , in katowice .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who are in serie b , who play in the serie b league , whose champions are christian panucci .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington dc . the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15 april 1986 .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and died in gottingen .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and performs psychedelia music .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders . barny cakes can be found in france , where french is spoken .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and has the main ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is kuala lumpur .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a fighter pilot and spent 52 minutes in space .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 14 sq km .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and performs jazz music . alison o ' donnell is a derivative of jazz . funk is derived from jazz .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . marriott international is a tenant of the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington dc .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 rq .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
the airports authority of india is the operating organisation for agra airport which has the icao location identifier viag and agra airport in india .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in nigeria , graduated from the technical institute .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of the celestial body . 0 kelvins .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club and al - khor sports club .
the novel into battle was followed by the novel into battle and into battle . it was followed by the novel castle .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom . he died in sidcup , london , which is led by the labour party .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
anaheim is located in california , united states house of representatives , where the leader is called the united states house of representatives .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , which is led by elizabeth ii . london is the capital of the united kingdom .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . athens is led by alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece .
alex day performs synthpop music .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana as a dessert .
albert b . white , who started his career on march 4th 1905 , was married to agnes ward white .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla on 7 august 2006 .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 54 square kilometres .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and performs psychedelia music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine . 8 millimetres in length .
albert b white was born in bloomington , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to william m o dawson , who was succeeded by william m o dawson who was born in charleston , maryland .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for a . c . milan who are managed by siniša mihajlović .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
albert b white was born 1856 - 03 - 22 and died in 1941 .
infraero is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport which is located in infraero .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , began his career on 5th may 2005 , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
albany is a city in oregon , where salem is the capital .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , new england patriots .
akeem ayers used to play for the new england patriots and his draft pick is 39 .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
the aid astella was built by costa crociere who are located in germany and operates the aid astella which is owned by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
al anderson is a rock musician . rock music originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in blues . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . and is in the turkish basketball super league .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla on 7 august 2006 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 100 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii , is led by asian canadians , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , which is part of the community of madrid .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and steven t . seagle .
sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and is published by sage publications .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has a sub genre called christian alternative rock .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish department of mobility and public works and is owned by the flemish department of mobility and public works .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is joe biden and the language is english .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season .
austin is the largest city in williamson county , texas . houston is the county seat of williamson county .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the rocket is comparable to the delta ii which is comparable to the delta ii .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the fiat croma .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovač is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with kristina kovač and kristina kovač .
akron is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the rocket is comparable to the delta ii which is comparable to the delta ii .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . alan shepard died in california .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force which is located in uttar pradesh and bundelkhand air force .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed 25 engine .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has the tenant of the ac hotel .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the area code for antioch , california is the area code for antioch .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of a bacon sandwich . a blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war , where robert e lee was a commander .
300 north la salle has 60 floors .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian burns .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
manhattan is part of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
orange county , california is in the united states .
alberto teisaire , a national of argentina , was in office while juan peron , was president . alberto teisaire is a member of the justicialist party .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team . s . roma , whose coach is alessio romagnoli .
alan martin played for accrington stanley f . c . whose home ground is accrington stanley fc .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte and is a member of the socialist party .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the prime minister is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
ska punk musician aaron bertram is a member of the suburban legends band .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records and floating world records .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
the acura tlx is assembled in marysville , ohio and has a front - wheel drive and all - wheel drive .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in indonesia and indonesia .
austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a utc offset of - 8 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
alison o ' donnell started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka state of karnataka . it was given the visvesvaraya technological university which was given the ' technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . the arabian sea to its northeast .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway length of 4349 metres above sea level and a runway name of 14 l / 32 r .
1089 tama has a temperature of 373513000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
julia morgan ' s significant buildings are the los angeles herald examiner building in california .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
aleksander barkov jr ' s height is 1 . 905 .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is near near near near university , near university , gujarat university , ahmedabad .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t seagle .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in office while juan peron was president . he was the successor of alberto teisaire was isaac rojas .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . english is spoken in great britain .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a two door coupe body style .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is led by francis g slay and died in st louis .
san marcos is the largest city in hays county , texas . austin is the county seat of hays county . austin is part of texas , where english is spoken .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the prime minister is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 . he died in london .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , part of greater st . louis and is led by francis g slay .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin and the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce made with chili .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new mexico and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
eric flint , born in burbank california , wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays the electric guitar . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazettes .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , spent 13017 minutes in space .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is spoken in great britain .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
abel hernandez played for central espanol and us citta di palermo who are managed by giuseppe iachini . he also plays for us citta di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
alberto teisaire , who was a national of argentina , was in office while juan peron , was president . alberto teisaire was married to eva peron , who is a member of the labour party in argentina .
austin is the largest city in williamson county , texas . houston is the county seat of williamson county .
the alternative name for black pirate is " black pirate " .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12 , 1982 . he played with the band kaliber 44 .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon , a bacon , a bacon sandwich , or brown sauce or brown sauce . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon muffin .
allan shivers was a member of the united states army and fought in world war ii . he began his career on january 21 , 1998 .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 and starred steve bright .
john van den brom has been the manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and jong ajax .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malay peninsula .
andrew white plays alternative rock music which has its stylistic origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
a long long way is available in print and has the oclc number 57392246 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors and was succeeded by eagle .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
a fortress of grey ice is available in print and was written by j v jones .
alison o ' donnell started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore , where tony tan is the leader . standard chinese is spoken in singapore , where standard chinese is spoken .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of the united states navy . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa operated apollo 14 and was awarded the department of commerce gold medal .
austin is the largest city in hays county , texas , where the county seat is san marcos .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert .
anders osborne is signed to shanachie records and chicago based alligator records .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar state beach and the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 4 . 0 .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is a leader .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish .
jazz musician albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , plays for hamilton academical fc and hamilton academical fc .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york and hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . c . chievo verona and is the manager of ac lumezzane .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 973 . 0 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc and hamilton academical fc .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
marv wolfman won the inkpot award .
adare manor was designed by the architect adare manor which was completed in 1862 . it is owned by the architect richard j . p .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 54 km per second .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish .
massimo drago plays for s . s . d . s . s . d .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman created the comic character bibbowski .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
motherwell park is the home ground of motherwell park .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the airport serves alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 210 metres above sea level .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine . 8 millimetres in length .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , was a member of the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the ethnic groups in japan .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and plays for anyang halla .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital city is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the official language is italian .
alvah sabin , who was born in vermont , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is germans of romania .
gubbio is in the region .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 / 09 / 1987 . he used to play for the atlanta falcons .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number of 1 - 301 - 3 .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
aleksandra kovač is a pop musician associated with the musical artist bebi dol and bebi dol .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital city council is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , lives in the grenadier guards .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , chicken , shrimp and beef .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their home ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a fighter pilot and spent 52 minutes in space .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and blues originated from blues .
baked alaska is from france , where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . french is spoken in france .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow comes from .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by artur rasizade . the capital city is baku .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a member of the flowering plant family and is a member of the flowering plant order .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , gujarat university , gujarat . gujarat university is located at the university road .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston , texas . he used to play for the houston texans .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 . it has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
associazione calcio lumezzane , abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane , has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and has a total of 1 . 524 metres .
atlanta falcons play in atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) comes under the discipline of mathematics .
batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of the siomay dish from indonesia . it is a variation of the siomay dish .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club and al - khor sports club .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 . he died in london .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the country ' s leader is in punjab , pakistan .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo and he ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
akeem adams ' s club is ferencvarosi tc , which is managed by thomas doll . he also plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose chairman is thomas doll and ferencvarosi tc .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador , has a v8 engine and is assembled in mexico city .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
the rca records company is owned by rca records .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
103 hera has an epoch date of 27 august 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3360 . 0 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15 april 1986 .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name at adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport .
the academic discipline of mathematics is math .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere and is owned by aida cruises .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which is a subsidiary of audi .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
b . miller camilla has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is led by francis g slay and died in st louis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
the chrysler newport is related to the chrysler newport .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan , where the leader is in the country .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
abner w . sibal served in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km per sec .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malay peninsula .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3360 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on the 1st of september 1969 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman as a backup pilot and frank borman .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport rovers f . c .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
bionico is a food found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is the mexican rupiah .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , which is led by anandiben patel .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc lokomotive leipzig and played for 1 fc lokomotive leipzig .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
ska punk musician aaron bertram is a member of the suburban legends band .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
1 fc magdeburg has 50000 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron .
jazz musician albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is led by ranil wickremesinghe .
the tv series bananaman is broadcast by the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . the bbc is a key person at broadcasting house .
banana is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert .
adam holloway , born in faversham , england , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 973 metres above sea level .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
audi was founded by august horch .
agnes kant , born in west germany , worked as a member of the house of representatives and his alma mater is radboud university nijmegen .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 252000 . 744 millimetres in length .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new mexico and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for the a . c . roma club .
one of the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato which is a member of the solanales order solanales and banana .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
baked alaska is from france , where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . french is spoken in france .
johns hopkins university press ( parent company : johns hopkins university press ) is based in the united states and is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 8 m .
airey neave was awarded the cross of valour .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , in the united states .
alberto teisaire was a national of argentina , where the leader is horacio rodríguez rodríguez . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where spanish is the leader .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
parc olympique lyonnais is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
cheese is a variation of bionico .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin virage which was succeeded by aston martin virage .
anders osborne began performing in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 973 metres above sea level .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of rock music .
eric flint , born in burbank california , wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dessert from the region of visayas , philippines . the main ingredient is sago and it contains sago .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where the leader is daniel martinez . montevideo is led by the politician daniel martinez .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 3 kgs and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres per sec .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and pietro grasso are leaders .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from colombian cuisine .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 34 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by aston martin virage .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . s . s . d . d . cesena . and has been the manager of a c cesena .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to polydor records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . prabhukumar and its director is dr . reddy . reddy .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
aenir , written by garth nix , was written in english , which was followed by above the veil .
1 fc magdeburg has 50000 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and roger mc kenzie .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . he was a commander in the gulf war , where george h . w . holloway was a commander .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
alfons gorbach , who was born in the state of tyrol , died in styria , in styria , austria .
the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport is in ashgabat .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
alfred n phillips worked as mayor of connecticut .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and has douglas f - 15 eagle as one of its aircraft .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of asphalt .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of a bacon sandwich . a blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 rq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
arlington is part of texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a fighter pilot and spent 52 minutes in space .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a utc offset of - 8 .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey gadzhiyev . he also plays for fc amkar perm whose chairman is gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , white rice , white rice , fried egg , chorizo , arepa , arepa , black pudding , arepa , black pudding , black pudding .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is led by artur rasizade .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and has a total of 1 . 524 metres .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the united states . washington is the capital of the u . s . s . is the location of auburn .
arlington , texas has a population density of 783 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has isbn number 978 - 0 - 0 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker , who played for stockport county f . c . blackpool . blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio 1910 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii , is the national anthem of canada , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
alan frew performs rock music .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 , lives in kuching , malaysia .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 3 , 121 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of poaceae . 0 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president and succeeded oladipo diya .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is led by elizabeth ii and is a related to the aston martin virage . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by aston martin virage .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the u . s . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the english language is spoken .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . livorno calcio and has 19238 members .
baked alaska is a dish from france , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the audi a1 is related to the audi a1 .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovač was born in the country .
karnataka has mahe to its northwest .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where tony tan is a leader .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany and is led by neptun werft .
the alhambra has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 8 . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
adam maher , who was born in the netherlands , plays for az alkmaar and az alkmaar club .
antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 metres above sea level and a total area of 75 .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin is now retired .
the antares rocket is comparable to the delta ii which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool and is managed by the labour party ( uk ) .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and pietro grasso are leaders .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
asam pedas is a food found in the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are sour and hot sauce .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . manhattan is the leader of manhattan .
alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the department of commerce gold medal .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where aarhus airport is located in tirstrup which is part of the central denmark region . denmark is the location of aarhus airport .
the area code for albany , georgia is the area code for albany .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is the president .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is germans of romania and its anthem is germans of romania .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of catalonia is spaniards and the parliament .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 63800 . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the amc matador is also known as american motors .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the area code for antioch , california is the area code for antioch .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) comes from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is b . m . reddy .
the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport is in ashgabat .
the acura tlx , assembled at the marysville auto plant , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records and floating world records .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by chrysler , wheel horse . chapin jr . is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by chrysler .
angola , indiana is located at 324 metres above sea level .
abel hernandez ' s club is us citta di palermo and he has played for central espanol and for central espanol .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in turkmenistan .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group there .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital city is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the official language is italian .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , part of greater st . louis and is led by francis g slay .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and siomay are variations of the same dish .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , which is part of the community of madrid .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is germans of romania and its anthem is germans of romania .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who are in serie b , who play in the serie b league , whose champions are christian panucci .
the english language is spoken in canada .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka state of karnataka . it was given the visvesvaraya technological university which was given the ' technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . the arabian sea to its northeast .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) comes from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight four engine and was produced in 1958 .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
aenir is written in english .
al anderson , who was born in windsor , connecticut , started his career in 1966 . he plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where english is spoken and the largest city is houston .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues singer who began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related means of transportation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is the european university association .
anaheim is located in california , united states house of representatives , where the leader is called the united states house of representatives .
the alv x - 1 was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 1857 .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking .
320 south boston building began in 1910 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force . the airport is located in uttar pradesh and its leader is ram naik .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 80002709 .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . anderson , has a population density of 107 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometres and a population density of 107 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln and is in the fk austria wien club . he is the manager of 1 . fc koln club .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was prime minister .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages .
adam holloway lives in the adam holloway .
abel hernandez played for central espanol and us citta di palermo who are managed by giuseppe iachini . he also plays for us citta di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , lives in sarawak and lives in sarawak .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team . s . roma , whose coach is alessio romagnoli .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer .
parc olympique lyonnais is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
akeem adams was born in lufkin .
abel hernández played for hull city afc and also in the uruguayan primera división league . he also plays for hull city afc .
polydor records is located in london .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . austrian german is the language spoken in austria . alfons gorbach died in styria .
the aston martin v8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled in the united kingdom .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian burns .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
patrick mc loughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales where bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart . it comes from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mc loughlin is a leader .
alvah sabin started his career on march 4th 1905 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are called tejano .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway length of 4349 metres above sea level and a runway name of 14 l / 32 r .
akeem ayers used to play for tennessee titans and his draft pick is 39 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres per second and an escape velocity of 0 .
hip hop music originated from funk .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 54 km per second .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil and sesame oil .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician with the band twilight and performed for house of low culture .
the 320 south boston building has 22 floors and was designed by george washington dc .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
amsterdam airport schiphol has an elevation of - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 210 metres above sea level .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force has douglas f - 15 eagle as one of its aircraft . c - 15 eagle aircraft .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 973 metres above sea level .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . s .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrew white plays alternative rock music which has its stylistic origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
karl kesel is an american .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol and central espanol ( managed by jorge orosmán da silva ) who are in the uruguayan segunda división . he also plays for central espanol club .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
the people of denmark are known as finns .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is made in ground beef , tapioca , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , the leader of manhattan . manhattan is the location of asser levy public baths .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is juan afara .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is made in ground beef , tapioca , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
pacific grove is part of california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , d . , united states . and started out as a non performing personnel .
abradab was born in poland .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 3 , 121 .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere and is owned by aida cruises .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the united states . washington is the capital of the u . s . s . is the location of auburn .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner ' s musical genre is ambient .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
agustin barboza ' s musical genre is guarania .
the audi a1 is manufactured by august horch and is a division of audi which was founded by august horch . audi e - tron is a subsidiary of audi .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc spartak moscow .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
al anderson is a rock musician . rock music originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in blues . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight on 1998 - 03 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which was founded in washington dc , d . c . is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which is led by margrethe ii .
aenir , written by garth nix , is written in english , which was followed by above the veil .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in russia , died in russia , where the leader is aleksandr chumakov died .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 , where frank borman was a commander .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and siomay are variations of the same dish .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t seagle .
luciano spalletti ' s club is carrarese calcio .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was a mayor of the u . s . army , who was a member of the united states army .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and plastik mak .
aleksandra kovač was born in the country .
sportpark de toekomst is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 4165 - 0 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . c .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla who are managed by luis ramis .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family family .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in the korean war .
elliot see died in st . louis .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . english is spoken in great britain .
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 3 , new zealand .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the california state capitol .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is b . m . reddy .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . auburn is part of the county seat of alabama .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of catalonia is spaniards and the parliament .
juan carlos i of spain preceded francisco franco .
john cowper powys is a glastonbury romance .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york and is a dish from france .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is led by boris johnson and died in sidcup , london .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow ' s youth team , whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the united states air force fought in 1986 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association . the school has its headquarters in brussels .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . math . univ . hambg . ) has the lccn number abh . hambg .
amsterdam airport schiphol has an elevation of - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 210 metres above sea level .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
110 lydia has a periapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the abbreviation of " aip adv .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , d . , united states . and started out as a non performing personnel .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
attica , indiana has an elevation above sea level .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , chicken , shrimp and beef .
allan shivers started his career on january 21 , 1998 .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and she plays the bodhran and performs jazz music .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
bananaman was broadcast by stv and starred graeme garden .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university ( established in 1928 ) is affiliated with the european university association .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool and they have 1500 members .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and plays for anyang halla .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which is a subsidiary of american motors .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 11 .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the california state capitol .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
shumai is a dish from china .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the u . s . where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell plays folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level . it has a runway named 05 l / 23 r and is 3800 long .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is owned by rolls - royce power type .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is kharaitiyat f . c .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the coach of the italy national under 16 football team is the coach of the italian national under 16 football team .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as a member of the parliament of greece .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington dc .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
acoustic musician alex day began his career in 2006 and is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group there .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a v12 engine . 8 millimetres in length .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana .
the delta ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is called 06 / 24 .
romania ' s capital is bucharest .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and engineering company .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . al - amin daggash was vice president .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is located in california .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
adare manor was designed by the architect adare manor which was completed in 1862 . it is owned by the architect richard j . p .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin , who was born on 21 january 1989 , played for the scotland national under 21 football team and currently plays for the scotland national under 21 football team .
the audi a1 is manufactured by august horch and is a division of audi which was founded by august horch . audi e - tron is a subsidiary of audi .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka state of karnataka . it was given the visvesvaraya technological university which was given the ' technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . the arabian sea to its northeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is led by artur rasizade .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
akron is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield town f . c .
madrid is in spain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary body .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the parliamentary group led by mark rutte .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in peanut sauce .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the alfa romeo 164 and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the alternative name for black pirate is " black pirate " .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
ben urich ' s full name is ben urich .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states and new york region .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the u . s . democratic party . he was governor of connecticut and died in the u . s .
107 camilla has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 479343000 . 05 days and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin , who was born in the republic of ireland , where the leader is augustus pugin .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where sergio mattarella and sergio mattarella are leaders . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war conflict , where leon trotsky was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the port authority of new jersey serves the port authority of new jersey .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues singer who began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
alan bean is from the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander . albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with kaliber 44 .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 973 metres above sea level .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . 8 millimetres in length .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
the architect of 320 south boston building , the united states was george lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war .
allan shivers was a member of the united states army and fought in world war ii . he began his career on january 21 , 1998 .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he was a member of the conservative party in the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
abdul rahman ya ' kub succeeded abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 2 . 0 .
elliot see died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
alvah sabin , who started his career on march 4th 1857 , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his 3rd congressional district .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b white was born in bloomington , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to william m o dawson , who was succeeded by william m o dawson who was born in charleston , maryland .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level . it has a runway named 05 l / 23 r and is 3800 long .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 80002709 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazette ii and grantville gazette ii .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
barny cakes have 30 . 8 g .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 24 . 0 millimetres long and a top speed of 24 .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3360 . 0 .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
john cowper powys is a glastonbury romance .
the largest city in oregon is the state .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who is a fusion of jazz . alison o ' donnell is a fusion of jazz which has its stylistic origin in jazz . funk and afrobeat is a derivative of jazz .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala state of kerala which has mahe to its northwest . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
ferencvarosi tc is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
the acura tlx is assembled in marysville , ohio and has a front - wheel drive and all - wheel drive .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
airey neave , who started his career on march 4th 1974 , fought in world war ii and ended his career on march 1979 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family family .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , which is led by the indian leader .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
pop musician aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia . disco is a fusion of pop .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the municipality of mendrisio is meride .
ben urich ' s full name is ben urich .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon , a bacon , a bacon sandwich , or brown sauce or brown sauce . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon muffin .
elliot see died in st . louis .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell , performs hip hop music . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in disco and funk .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city , new jersey is led by the city , has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a four - stroke engine .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii , is the national anthem of canada , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type . it is owned by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is fort worth .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader is the president of the united states .
acharya institute of technology in india was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
colin powell was a commander in gulf war .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is located to the west of adams county and to the southeast of pennsylvania .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan . the city of lahore is led by allama iqbal international airport and is located in punjab , pakistan .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of 17 l / 35 r and a runway length of 17 l .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which can be served as a dessert and binignit .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where the leader is called the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . the manager of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is nikos e dimitra efxeinoupolis .
taro is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
marv wolfman won the inkpot award .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
albert b white was born 1856 - 03 - 22 and died in 1941 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier for agra airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag .
blt is a variation of a bacon sandwich and is a variation of a blt .
indonesian is spoken in indonesia .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin , who was born in the republic of ireland , where the leader is augustus pugin .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and his record label is the solo singer .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
adam maher , who was born in the netherlands , plays for az alkmaar and az alkmaar club .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , which is led by the indian leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in shirley , derbyshire .
colin powell was a commander in gulf war .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
live nation entertainment is located in california .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and lccn number 60040714 .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin rham / 1 are related means of transport .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is located in california .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 15 eagle aircraft .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
infraero is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport which is located in infraero .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the french language is spoken . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) has the issn number 83646315 and the lccn number 83646315 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
aaron turner is a singer who played for the band isis . he is a singer for the band isis .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who plays for chelsea f . c . c .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which has the issn number wiley & sons .
dave challinor is the manager of afc fylde and plays for stockport county f . c . c . fylde .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
andra is a singer who performs dance - pop music .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 , where frank borman was a commander .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their home ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
200 public square has 45 floors .
albert b . white , who started his career on march 4th 1905 , was married to agnes ward white .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
infraero is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport which is located in infraero .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , which is led by anandiben patel .
1097 vicia , formerly known as 1928 rq , has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to shanachie records .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city .
the comic character asterix is a french national who was created by albert goscinny .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and his record label is the solo singer .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . v . and their ground is sportpark de toekomst . v .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a sc . he was a crew member of the apollo 11 crew .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 season .
alan martin , who was born on 21 january 1989 , played for the scotland national under 21 football team and currently plays for the scotland national under 21 football team .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary body .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of architecture .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of colombia . lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and is an ingredient in the antioquia department .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
alvah sabin , who started his career on march 4th 1857 , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his 3rd congressional district .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , is a mid - size car with an amc straight - 6 engine .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , began his career on 5th may 2005 , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the school is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
michele marcolini has been the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio . he also plays for vicenza calcio and is managed by pietro grasso .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
abel hernandez ' s club is us citta di palermo and he has played for central espanol and for central espanol .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is assembled .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , new england patriots .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which was founded in california and is owned by caterpillar inc . engine .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the english language is spoken in canada .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it has carroll county to its southeast .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he retired on the 1st of september 1969 .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages a . c . chievo verona and plays for carrarese calcio .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with the musician marius moga .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is assembled .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office in the united states .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages a . c . chievo verona and plays for carrarese calcio .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label stanyan records and deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan , where the leader is in the country .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of a bacon sandwich . the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which has ketchup or brown sauce as its main ingredients . the blt , a variation of a bacon butty , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the u . s . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the english language is spoken .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the leader of jalisco is the indian leader .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in shirley , derbyshire .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
the people of denmark are known as finns .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany and is led by neptun werft .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . its 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 497 . 0 .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
polydor records is located in london .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . livorno calcio and has 19238 members .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana as a dessert .
michigan is in the united states .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
albert b white was born 1856 - 03 - 22 and died in 1941 .
arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia and is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia and the currency is indonesian rupiah .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and siomay are variations of the same dish .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
abel hernández played for hull city afc and also in the uruguayan primera división league . he also plays for hull city afc .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it has carroll county to its southeast .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the largest city in texas is fort worth and the capital is austin .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and plastik mak .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
al anderson , who was born in windsor , connecticut , started his career in 1966 . he plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is located in the united states and is a contributing property .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
andrew rayel is associated with armin van buuren and armin van buuren .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is the chinese people are an ethnic group .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the japanese occupation of sarawak , lives in sarawak , was succeeded by adenan satem .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on the 1st of september 1969 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman as a backup pilot and frank borman .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in nigeria , worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce and is a member of the order solanales and the order solanales .
aenir , written by garth nix , was written in english , which was followed by above the veil .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
10 hygiea , which has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , plays for the italian national under 17 football team .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
angola , indiana is located at 324 metres above sea level .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . alan shepard died in california .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 63800 . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is owned by rolls - royce power type .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1914 .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres above sea level .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and died in gottingen .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader . english is spoken in great britain .
the architect of 320 south boston building , the united states was george lincoln .
andra is a singer who performs dance - pop music .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the airport has a runway length of 2744 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km per sec .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , which is led by juha sipila .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and plays rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is led by boris johnson and died in sidcup , london .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 973 metres above sea level .
hip hop music originated from funk .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the u . s . democratic party . he was governor of connecticut and died in the u . s .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and is now retired .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his record label is rca records .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist epoch date of alfredo zitarrosa .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken there .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 54 km per second .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
amsterdam ' s leader is der der der der universität .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a total area of 347 . 9 sq km . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres . the area code is 347 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . austrian german is the language spoken in austria . alfons gorbach died in styria .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where the leader is daniel martinez . montevideo is led by the politician daniel martinez .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
afonso pena international airport is located in afonso pena international airport which is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the airport has a runway length of 2744 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the school is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
agustin barboza ' s musical genre is guarania .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the currency is the president of turkey , the turkish lira and the currency is the turkish lira .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for the a . c . roma club .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it contains sweet potato .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related to the aston martin virage . 3 litre engine and the aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain . juan carlos i of spain was prime minister .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 54 square kilometres .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . s . cesena and is in the club u . c . cesena .
albert b white was born 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , white rice , white rice , fried egg , chorizo , arepa , arepa , black pudding , arepa , black pudding , black pudding .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with the musician marius moga .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with john digweed and jwaydan moyine . he is associated with john digweed .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albennie jones , a rhythm and blues artist , started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
addis ababa city hall began in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa city hall and the current tenants of addis ababa city hall .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , oyster sauce , garlic , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is categorised as a contributing property .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin and the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the u . s . where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . prabhukumar .
anders osborne began performing in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
acoustic musician alex day began his career in 2006 and is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff and a staff of 737 .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece . they have 69618 members .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is located in new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres in the united states .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in italy .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language is spanish . bionico is a dessert .
county limerick is part of munster .
the celestial body known as 103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
dave challinor is the manager of afc fylde and plays for stockport county f . c . c . fylde .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in office while juan peron was president . he was the successor of alberto teisaire was isaac rojas .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
tomatoes is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which was founded in peoria , illinois in the united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom . he died in sidcup , london , which is led by the labour party .
107 camilla has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an orbital period of 479343000 . 05 days and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while olusegun obasanjo was vice president .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who plays for chelsea f . c . c .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , county limerick and county limerick .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala state of kerala which has mahe to its northwest . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
walter baade was a german national who discovered 1036 ganymed .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
barny cakes have 30 . 8 g .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax . he is a member of the netherlands national football team and manages az alkmaar .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . livorno calcio .
the atatürk monument is located in i̇zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is the president ahmet davutoglu . turkey is the largest city .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala state of kerala which has mahe to its northwest . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
the atatürk monument is located in i̇zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is the president ahmet davutoglu . turkey is the largest city .
the aston martin v8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled in the united kingdom .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in indonesia and indonesia .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and plays for anyang halla .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , which is led by anandiben patel .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . austrian german is the language spoken in austria . alfons gorbach died in styria .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . athens is led by alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
the novel castle is written in english .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach . julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach .
hip hop musician ace wilder was born in sweden . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
indian people live in india .
