akeem dent debuted with the atlanta falcons who play in texas . he also played for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
aleksandra kovač is part of the k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the launch site of the ariane 5 was ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and batchoy is eaten .
azal arena is located in baku .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
john madin , born in birmingham , was the architect of 103 colmore row .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literary literary . it has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
jens hartel played for sv germania schoneiche and has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi who manufacture the audi a1 .
alison o &apos; donnell performs jazz music .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died in dona ana county , new mexico territory on 1896 - 02 - 01 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh , part of awadh . the indian air force is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
batagor &apos; s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz where doris bures is a leader .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is taquirari .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04m in diameter and made its final flight on 5 december 2002 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and the runway name is 14 l / 32 r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
soho press is located in the united states .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
austin , texas is located within the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the mayor .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and william anders was a backup pilot .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz which has its stylistic origins in folk music . afrobeat is a fusion genre of jazz .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington dc and a severed wasp originates from .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
the honda k engine is manufactured by honda .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
agnes ward white was the wife of albert b . white , who started his career on march 4th 1905 and ended his career on march 4th 1905 .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
springer science + business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which was founded by springer science .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the republican party of the united states . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
alan martin played for hamilton academical fc whose home ground is new douglas park .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
jerry ordway created bibbowski .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and tab benoit .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , azerbaijan .
batagor &apos; s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
akron , ohio is located within the united states where english is spoken .
sri lankan rupee is the capital of sri lanka where adisham hall is located and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , madrid , spain .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in illinois .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of the u . s .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is found in singapore and indonesia .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of atlantic city , part of new jersey .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
the atlas ii originates from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for stockport county f . c .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv who are managed by oleh luzhny . his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium and whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
jerry ordway created bibbowski .
beef kway teow is a dish popular in indonesia and singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is spoken there .
english is spoken in great britain and is the language spoken in great britain . 1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , united states .
ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of aaron turner , who played with twilight and old man gloom .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association and has 16 , 000 students . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated with the european university association .
the book aenir was written in english and followed by garth nix .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 post graduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the president is b . m . reddy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
springer science + business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which was founded by springer science .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was a commander in the gulf war .
ahmet ertegun , from the united states , plays rock and roll music . african americans are an ethnic group in the blues .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , played for the italian national under 17 football team , is connected to uc sampdoria .
the alhambra , which was wrecked , was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of aaron turner , who played with twilight and old man gloom .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is the prime minister artur rasizade and the capital city is baku .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and chelsea fc .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader in germany , where berlin is the capital .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz , austria - hungary . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is known as turk şehitleri aniti .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold .
slavey is a language spoken in canada .
the asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property , is in pennsylvania , united states .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has a runway length of 1873 . 0 and is 23 metres above sea level .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz , austria - hungary . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc rubin kazan and fc spartak moscow .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and it has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
graeme garden stars in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
marriott international was the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3 xn .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft in genoa . it is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
iraq born alaa abdul zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people &apos; s party is the people &apos; s party ( spain ) .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
aaron deer is signed to kill rock stars .
the character ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under 21 football team .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 kelvins .
houston is the largest city in williamson county , texas where austin is located . houston is the largest city in williamson county , texas .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level , has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 6 . 81 sq km .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
new york city is part of new netherland .
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is located in uttar pradesh and its icao location identifier is viag .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
folk rock musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed to floating world records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 . it has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the number of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is the home ground of afc blackpool and the manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania . she is a singer and her musical genre is dance pop .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to warner music group .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . batak and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r aalsmeerbaan and the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was succeeded by oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat &apos; s leader is sumitra mahajan and the gujarat legislative assembly are leaders in india .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
austin is part of hays county in texas where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . houston is the county seat of hays county is the county seat of hays county .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands april 1948 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in austria . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party and died in styria in styria .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute kaduna .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where spanish is spoken . juan peron was married to eva peron , who was in office while labour party was president .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is based in new york city where acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
31 december 2006 is the epoch of 110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc dynamo moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvárosi tc .
the architect of adare manor is philip mc manus and the building was completed in 1862 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is newark and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04m in diameter and made its final flight on 5 december 2002 .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues solo singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight four engine .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany , where the leader is stanislaw tillich .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is known as turk şehitleri aniti .
aleksandra kovac &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
allen forrest was born on april 3 , 1981 .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with bobina and jwaydan moyine .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the united states air force fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where the leader is tony tan . ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where english is spoken .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by p &amp; o . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada and asian canadians are one of the ethnic groups .
port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of the siomay dish . batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . his genre is country music is banjo .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of aaron turner , who played with twilight and old man gloom .
american motors co was succeeded by eagle and succeeded by eagle . roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was acquired by chrysler .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , stars scott adsit .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot and is now retired .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
alan martin played for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce can be found .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , county limerick city and county council is located in limerick .
albany is part of oregon , in the united states .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain , is operated by enaire .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where tejano is a demonym used .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
the launch site of the ariane 5 was ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by the montreal locomotive works .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is managed by vila nova futebol clube .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
andrew white plays for the kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is signed to the record label universal records .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , studied at the technical institute kaduna , worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 - 301 - 3 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 3 .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and france .
aleksandr prudnikov &apos; s youth football club was fc anzhi makhachkala and he played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
fallujah is in iraq .
aaron turner is a singer in the bands isis and sumac . he performs electroacoustic music .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . the airport &apos; s icao location identifier is viag and it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1818 .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
the atlas ii originated from the united states and was launched from the vandenberg air force base .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre and is 184 . 0 above sea level . it has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is known as turk şehitleri aniti .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem - arem originates from .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
alan shepard was born on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
the acharya institute of technology was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the national assembly .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in hardcover with the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is spoken in great britain and native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
sausage is a main ingredient in bacon explosion which contains bacon .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin and the spoken language is english .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
the american submarine nr - 1 was drafted by the draft of 4 . 6 m .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales .
drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 . he is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
binignit is a dessert from the region of visayas , philippines . it contains sweet potatoes and sago .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is to the north of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southeast .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace . the ela - 3 is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . chieti calcio . he played for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
jill shilling stars in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was active in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
the footballer abner was born in brazil .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is president barack obama and the capital city is washington dc . the leader of the united states is president barack obama .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 and his club is the florida panthers .
beef kway teow is a dish popular in indonesia and singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is spoken there .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma and the italian national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital city is london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who is a canadian national who died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi who manufacture the audi a1 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and is led by the united states house of representatives .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he is a songwriter and a solo singer .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim and plays for al - zawra &apos; a sc .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
marriott international was the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3 xn .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc rubin kazan and fc spartak moscow .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
birmingham , which has the b postcode is governed by the labour politician john clancy and is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
black metal musician aaron turner , from the united states , started performing in 1995 and old man gloom .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and now plays for juventus fc .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for the club anyang halla .
&quot; a glastonbury romance &quot; was written by john cowper powys .
baked alaska is from hong kong , united states . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska .
addiction ( journal ) is about addiction .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics who built the american submarine nr - 1 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and jerry ordway .
alan shepard , deceased , was a test pilot .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , was mayor of stamford , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e austin .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has 560 pages and isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where americans live . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
albennie jones is associated with the musical artist sammy price .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war conflict .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader in germany , where berlin is the capital .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kgs .
isaac rojas was the successor to alberto teisaire , who worked as the provisional president of the argentine senate .
the book aenir was written in english by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
auburn is part of king county in washington , united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 by the montreal locomotive works . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to london based polydor records . he is signed to london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and chris patten .
the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
bionico is a dessert from mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
10 hygiea travels at an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and is associated with bajik .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
andra is a singer associated with puya and the singer puya .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and performs pop music .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , is a member of the republican party in the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson , who died in chennai . 107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04m in diameter and made its final flight on 5 december 2002 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the capital of the united states is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where two of the leaders are prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with the oclc number 8805735 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 and his draft team was the florida panthers .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in turkmenistan .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the christening date of a - rosa luna was april 6th 2005 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , is a member of the justicialist party and worked as the provisional president of the argentine senate .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . manhattan is led by gale brewer .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he played for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
darien connecticut was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and has walt disney studios motion pictures .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
atlanta falcons play in the city of atlanta .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california . the english language is spoken in california which is led by the san francisco bay area .
peter laird is a united states national .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where americans live , and where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where americans live . the leader of the united states is called the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian leads atlantic city international airport .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud lives in sarawak and was succeeded by adenan satem .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 - 301 - 3 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 3 .
a wizard of mars was published in english and originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in world war ii . he began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
ahmet davutoglu is the largest city in turkey , where the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) , made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured in 1937 .
english is the language of the united states .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alan martin played for hamilton academical fc whose home ground is new douglas park .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth team and plays for central espanol . he also played for central espanol who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where two of the leaders are prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras .
bhajji originates from india where indian people live .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the italian language is spoken . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago &apos; s capital is springfield and rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
abradab played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish – soviet war .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb and has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is a tenant .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and jerry ordway .
airey neave , who started his career on march 4th 1974 , fought in the battle of france .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is spoken in great britain and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malays and minangkabau are ethnic groups in sumatra .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod bc who are coached by zvi f . c .
the footballer abner was born in brazil .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with hector numa moraes .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
austin is part of hays county in texas where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . houston is the county seat of hays county is the county seat of hays county .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
american test pilot alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are main ingredients in bakso which is popular in indonesia .
the architect of 3 arena in dublin was the company populous .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover with an oclc number of 78771100 .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there .
bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he is a songwriter and a solo singer .
akron , ohio is located within the united states where english is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a crew member on apollo 11 with william anders as backup pilot .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
andrew white plays for the kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is signed to the record label universal records .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and her musical genre is pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
dwight d . eisenhower succeeded john f . kennedy .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , is 1 . 9304 m high .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is related to the aston martin dbs .
adare manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by george richard pain .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . rhythm and blues originated from blues music .
akeem dent was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he made his debut for the atlanta falcons and used to play for the houston texans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a sedan assembled in milan . it is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and opel vectra .
asilomar conference grounds has an arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 324 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc who play in palo seco velodrome . he also played for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena .
connecticut born alfred n phillips was a member of the us army which fought in the whiskey rebellion . he was a member of the u . s . army , the mayor of stamford connecticut .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and is classed as a mid - size car .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r aalsmeerbaan and the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
the luxury class of acura tlx has a v6 engine and is assembled at the marysville auto plant .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is a tenant .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
buzz aldrin , also known as edwin e . aldrin jr , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
kevin eastman created april o &apos; neil .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
austin is part of hays county in texas where english is spoken and the largest city is houston . houston is the largest city in texas .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands april 1948 .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the epoch of 1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
bakso is a dish from indonesia and is made from ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion . funk is a derivative of jazz .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party and worked as the minister of transport .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage . the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin dbs .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
dunwoody is the largest city in de kalb county , georgia .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
shumai is found in china .
elliot see died in 1966 - 02 - 28 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital city is rome .
germans is a demonym for germany .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and now plays for juventus fc .
the manager of al - zawra &apos; a sc is basim qasim .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states , where don guardian is the leader .
ernie colon and gary cohn created the comic character bolt .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain , is operated by enaire .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubbio .
the antares rocket , manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office , is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states .
anders osborne is signed to the shanachie records label and alligator records which is located in chicago . alligator records are associated with the blues .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and great britain is the language spoken .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
the amc matador station wagon is assembled in mexico city and has an amc v8 engine .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz , austria - hungary . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
the united states includes the ethnic group of native americans and is the location of auburn , alabama .
adam holloway was born in faversham , studied at magdalene college cambridge and is a member of the conservative party in the uk .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth team and his club is us citta di palermo which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate district 4 for port arthur .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with bobina and jwaydan moyine .
the gemstone benitoite is found in california .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed 25 engine and a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the alco rs - 3 has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . it was built by the american locomotive company .
germans is a demonym for germany .
aaron turner is a singer in the bands isis and sumac . he performs electroacoustic music .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for the soviet union national football team . he has played for fc torpedo moscow which is managed by valery petrakov .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the book aenir was written in english and followed by above the veil .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and cost 110 million dollars . it cost 110 million dollars and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
alvis speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . it has an average speed of 16 . 744 km per sec .
akeem dent was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he made his debut for the atlanta falcons and used to play for the houston texans .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
finnish is a language in finland .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
christian burns plays the guitar .
a . s . livorno calcio &apos; s ground is in livorno and they play in the serie b league .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle , illinois has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . it is 120770 square metres .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic character bolt , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohkin and gary cohn .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener &apos; s bones .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it was 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
austin is part of hays county in texas where the largest city is houston . houston is the county seat of hays county is the county seat of hays county .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) &apos; s 3rd runway length is 597 . 0 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g p prabhukumar .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . joseph stalin was a commander in the polish – soviet war . he died in new york city .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is us lesquin olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar , who plays for jong ajax and jong ajax .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where americans live . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth team . he also played for the uruguay national football team and u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has the epoch 31 december 2006 , and an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered at the four world trade center .
the ground of a . c . lumezzane is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and he has played for vicenza calcio . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
sweden singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas , united states . the largest city in texas is fort worth and the state capital is austin .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 6155910000000 . 0 .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is known as turk şehitleri aniti .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany . halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soya sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom by lippincott williams &amp; wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
ahmet davutoglu is the largest city in turkey , where the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) , made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
malays is an ethnic group in sumatra .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 , vermont . vermont &apos; s largest city is burlington and he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba , romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque in new mexico .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin fc whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . he was the governor of west virginia . he retired on march 4th 1905 and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
allen forrest is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , whose governing body is cleveland city council .
arlington is part of the state of texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
birmingham , led by the conservative party , was the home town of architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 6155910000000 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia . atlanta covers an area of 344 . 9 square kilometres and has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area code of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres .
agra airport is located in agra and operated by the airports authority of india . the iata location identifier for agra airport is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary , austria - hungary .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of the siomay dish . batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens f . c . whose manager is gus poyet . his club is real zaragoza and he played for chelsea f . c .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena at east link bridge .
alex day performs synthpop music .
fir park is the ground of motherwell f . c .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is shanachie records .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1st june 2009 in williamsburg , virginia .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
new york city is part of new netherland .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
alvah sabin began his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , worked at the united states house of representatives .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the american submarine nr - 1 was drafted by the draft of 4 . 6 m .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malays and minangkabau are ethnic groups in sumatra .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label universal records .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
beef kway teow is found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes come from france .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
beef kway teow is found in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is known as turk şehitleri aniti .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge and he served in the grenadier guards .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of the alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the hall is owned by the college of william and mary and was designed by robert a m stern .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , a member of the united states democratic party , was a member of the united states democratic party and was succeeded by albert e austin .
a . s . livorno calcio &apos; s ground is in livorno and they play in the serie b league .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property , is in pennsylvania , united states .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the language and the leader is called the president . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
the alhambra , which was wrecked , was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
abradab was born on november 12 , 1978 and played with the band kaliber 44 . he is associated with the rapper magik .
houston is the largest city in texas where spanish is spoken and arlington is located . tarrant county is part of tarrant county , texas , where the county seat is fort worth .
ahmet ertegun , from the united states , plays rock and roll music . african americans are an ethnic group in the blues .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
austin is part of texas .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he plays for sv werder bremen ii which is in the league 3 liga .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where the people are known as finns and juha sipila is a leader .
darien connecticut was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and her musical genre is pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in the united states . it has a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and rome is the capital .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
asam pedas is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups there .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an oclc number of 78771100 and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
andra is a solo singer who was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of gettysburg i . they have 1500 members and are chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , who play in the a epsth 2nd group .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where americans live , and where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , was mayor of stamford , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e austin .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the guitar .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and his club is fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes come from france .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
marriott international , with 23 floors , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight four engine .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken and aarhus airport is located in tirstrup which is part of the central denmark region .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is newark and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and the french national , rené goscinny .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler from the united states .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kgs .
adam holloway was born in kent , studied at magdalene college cambridge .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has the epoch 31 december 2006 , and an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
abel hernandez &apos; s club is hull city afc and he plays for hull city afc who are managed by steve bruce .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is &quot; amsterdamsche goden &quot; , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
bakewell tart ( or pudding ) originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire where patrick mc loughlin is a leader . fruit preserves are an ingredient in the derbyshire dales .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is related to the aston martin dbs .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is based in new york city where acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery .
buzz aldrin , a us national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the greek language is spoken and alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel .
with a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres , atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the netherlands national agnes kant worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and khadija arib is the leader .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish – soviet war .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which has its headquarters at broadcasting house and broadcast bananaman .
the aid astella made its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
isaac rojas was the successor to alberto teisaire , who worked as the provisional president of the argentine senate .
abner w . sibal ended his career on january 3 , 1965 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe &apos; s successor was atiku abubakar , who was succeeded by atiku abubakar .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publishes the american journal of mathematics .
lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . malik muhamada is the leader of pakistan and the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , studied at the university of michigan , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . taro aso is the leader of japan and chinese people are an ethnic group there .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and william anders was a backup pilot .
akeem ayers &apos; draft pick was 39 and he used to play for the tennessee titans .
the aid astella was christened on march 17 , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are related means of transport .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km . it has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary , austria - hungary .
airey neave , who started his career on march 4th 1974 , fought in the battle of france .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar , who plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a crew member on apollo 11 with william anders as backup pilot .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transport .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and is attached to the club u . s castrovillari calcio .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered in jinnah international airport .
the launch site of the ariane 5 was ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4 hp18 qe transmission .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is the home ground of afc blackpool and the manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) .
abner is a footballer for the brazilian national under 20 team and also real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus airport is 25 metres above sea level and operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and the runway name is 10 l / 28 r .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
jazz musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed with stanyan records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
michele marcolini , born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino fc .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was produced in print .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and his club is fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupolis and the chairman is antonis miliki .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in the united states . it has a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 and resides in kuching . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , studied at the university of michigan , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in turkmenistan .
the distributing company of rca records is sony music entertainment .
james craig watson &apos; s alma mater was the university of michigan .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died at parkersburg , west virginia on the 3rd july 1941 .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an oclc number of 78771100 and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and is led by the united states house of representatives .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson .
abel hernandez &apos; s club is hull city afc and he plays for hull city afc who are managed by steve bruce .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which includes bread .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york or hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany is part of oregon , in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken . rome is the capital of italy .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . finland is led by juha sipila and the language spoken is sami languages .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
the aid astella was christened on march 17 , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and died in gottingen .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and pop music .
county limerick is part of munster .
bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where americans live . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in hardcover with the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 6 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and began his career on january 21st 1947 . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is signed to floating world records and is signed to floating world records .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for alianza f . c . club and the el salvador national football team .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq which performs country music which plays banjo .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , a member of the united states democratic party , was a member of the united states democratic party and was succeeded by albert e austin .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee . he later played for the new england patriots .
soho press is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where tejano is a demonym used .
addis ababa city hall , with a floor area of 140000 square metres , was started in 1961 and was completed in 1964 . its current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
akeem ayers &apos; s draft pick was 39 and he used to play for the new england patriots .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
lettuce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth team and plays for central espanol . he also played for central espanol who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . the airport &apos; s icao location identifier is kacy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and lars lokke rasmussen led by lars lokke rasmussen .
post metal musician aaron turner is a member of twilight and performed for house of low culture . cello is a post metal instrument .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
abner is a footballer for the brazilian national under 20 team and also real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
sweet potatoes are part of the order of solanales and are an ingredient in binignit along with banana .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders in france where the french language is spoken and barny cakes are made with sponge cake .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth team and his club is us citta di palermo which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and the french national , rené goscinny .
aek athens fc &apos; s ground is in athens .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where americans live . the leader of the united states is called the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in netherlands . his alma mater is erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia where hailemariam desalegn is the leader .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was the governor of connecticut .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and is led by the united states house of representatives .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc tom tomsk and the russia national football b - 24 football b club .
the american submarine nr - 1 , built by general dynamics electric boat , has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m , a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
the architect of 3 arena in dublin was the company populous .
binignit is a dessert from the region of mindanao , philippines . it includes sweet potatoes .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are main ingredients in bakso which is popular in indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has a runway length of 1873 . 0 and is 23 metres above sea level .
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group , and where the inhabitants are known as americans .
alfred moore scales started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government . aarhus has a magistrate government and its headquarters is in brussels .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states where joe biden is a leader .
london is the capital of the united kingdom which is the location of the aston martin v8 . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool , where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
folk rock musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed to floating world records .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
the united states includes the ethnic group of native americans and is the location of auburn , alabama .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in netherlands . his alma mater is erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as .
320 south boston building in the united states was designed by george winkler and has 22 floors .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who is in the real zaragoza club and plays for chelsea f . c .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and made its maiden flight on april 21 , 2013 .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome and pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc dynamo moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
jerry ordway created bibbowski .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge and he served in the grenadier guards .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
binignit is a dessert from the region of mindanao , philippines . it includes sweet potatoes .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute kaduna .
the christening date of a - rosa luna was april 6th 2005 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
ernie colon and the puerto rican national ernie colon created the comic character bolt , whose alternative name is larry bolatinsky .
beef kway teow is a dish popular in indonesia and singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is spoken there .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and english is spoken there .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . agnes ward white was married to william m o dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
akeem ayers , who was born on 10th july 1989 , made his debut for the tennessee titans and used to play for the st . louis rams .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
allen forrest was born on april 3 , 1981 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who is a canadian national who died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar , who plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled in the uk .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played football for hamilton academical fc and clyde fc .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud lives in sarawak and was succeeded by adenan satem .
adam maher &apos; s club is psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 173 kelvins .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literary literary . it has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 and his draft team was the florida panthers .
alvis speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 6 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . chieti calcio . he played for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
aaron deer is signed to kill rock stars .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is the prime minister artur rasizade and the capital city is baku .
afonso pena international airport is located in brasilia and is 911 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1800 . 0 and is operated by infraero .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he is a songwriter and a solo singer .
arros negre comes from the valencian community .
michele marcolini &apos; s club is atalanta b . c .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cake is a type of dessert .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) &apos; s 3rd runway length is 597 . 0 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
alfred n . phillips was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and is attached to the club u . s castrovillari calcio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for the soviet union national football team . he has played for fc torpedo moscow which is managed by valery petrakov .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and owned by afc ajax n . v .
madrid is in spain .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion . funk is a derivative of jazz .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin fc whose ground is palo seco . he also played for united petrotrin f . c .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the musical genre of aaron turner .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom .
the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi .
a severed wasp is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and mexican spanish is spoken .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1st june 2009 in williamsburg , virginia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where alfred moore scales took part in the battle of gettysburg . alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war which took part in the battle of gettysburg . jefferson davis was a commander in that war .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . the airport &apos; s icao location identifier is kacy .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the musician andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government . aarhus has a magistrate government and its headquarters is in brussels .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed with london based polydor records . he is signed to london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of the alan b miller hall which was started on 30 march 2007 in the united states .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 , a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and the area codes are 657 and 714 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the italian language is spoken . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb and has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz which has its stylistic origins in folk music . afrobeat is a fusion genre of jazz .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
the polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica which is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . it has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 1732 - 2421 .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publishes the american journal of mathematics .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
blt is a variation of a club sandwich and is a variation of a club sandwich .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and located in peoria , illinois . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) discipline is math .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian heinrich peters .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps who are in the veikausliiga league .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the chicken is a bird .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered in jinnah international airport .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and tab benoit .
county limerick is part of munster .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
alan martin played for hamilton academical fc whose home ground is new douglas park .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . the airport &apos; s icao location identifier is kabi and it is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and the runway name is 17 l / 35 r .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the chicken is a bird .
james craig watson &apos; s alma mater was the university of michigan .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who use the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter and fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
american motors was succeeded by eagle and succeeded by eagle .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of colombian cuisine .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . his genre is country music is banjo .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the genre of aaron turner , who plays the electric guitar .
london is the capital of the united kingdom which is the location of the aston martin v8 . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
sweden singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo . atiku abubakar was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and paperback .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the lccn number of 60040714 . its issn number is 0567 - 7920 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
darien connecticut was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
the american , duncan rouleau created by steven t seagle and steven t . seagle . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is found in guadalajara , mexico .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
addis ababa city hall , with a floor area of 140000 square metres , was started in 1961 and was completed in 1964 . its current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
bhajji originates from india where indian people live .
akron , summit county , ohio is located within the united states , where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for the club anyang halla .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace . the ela - 3 is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
austin is part of hays county in texas where the largest city is houston . houston is the county seat of hays county is the county seat of hays county .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
sara miller mc cune founded administrative science quarterly which is published by sage publications . its issn number is 0001 - 8392 .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
the launch site of the ariane 5 was ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad &apos; s club is steel azin f . c . and he plays for al shorta sc .
born in derbyshire , tim brooke - taylor , starred in bananaman .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and owned by afc ajax n . v .
a . s . livorno calcio &apos; s ground is in livorno and they play in the serie b league .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the republican party of the united states . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is a traditional italian sauce from lazio .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin rham / 1 . it is assembled at newport pagnell .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs which has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
nottingham born n . r . pogson .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian leads atlantic city international airport .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is &quot; amsterdamsche goden &quot; , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg . he is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club and plays for sv babelsberg 03 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of the country .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and arabic is spoken there .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died at parkersburg , west virginia on the 3rd july 1941 .
awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala &apos; s largest city is mumbai and the country &apos; s leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
adam maher &apos; s club is the netherlands national under 17 football team and he plays for az alkmaar .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is operated by aida cruises and operated by costa crociere .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist christian burns .
adam holloway was born in kent .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada and asian canadians are one of the ethnic groups .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
alan bean ( born alan la vern bean ) was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 12 operated apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and retired in june 1981 .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps who are in the veikausliiga league .
the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and rome is the capital .
awh engineering college is located in kerala which is led by kochi .
gubbio umbria is located in the region of gubbio .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and france .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was in office while juan peron was president and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives before being succeeded by albert e austin .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the lancia thema .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft carriers .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , worked at the united states house of representatives .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has an academic staff size of 737 and lars lokke rasmussen is the dean of the school which is affiliated with the european university association .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 , vermont . vermont &apos; s largest city is burlington and he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the postcode is b and the leader is andrew mitchell .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian navy and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 . mike akhigbe &apos; s successor was oladipo diya and he was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in brazil and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league . the ground of this league is called estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his music genre is rock music .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an area of 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders in france where the french language is spoken and barny cakes are made with sponge cake .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the creator of april o &apos; neil is peter laird , a united states national .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
andrew white plays for the kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is signed to the record label universal records .
american motors was succeeded by eagle and succeeded by eagle .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . it was built by the american locomotive company .
andrew rayel , whose musical genre is trance , is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod bc who are coached by zvi f . c .
austin , texas is located within the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the mayor .
andra is a solo singer who was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
auburn is part of the state of washington in the united states , where olympia is the capital .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by boris johnson and the european parliament .
the launch site of the ariane 5 was ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of colombian cuisine .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
michele marcolini , born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino fc .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc tom tomsk .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cake is a type of dessert .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of wilderness , which was part of the american civil war conflict . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen . allan sandage was a doctoral student of walter baade .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
batagor , shumai and shumai are variations of the same dish . the dish comes from indonesia and has shiitake as one of its ingredients .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales and commelinids .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
the coach of the italy national under 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where americans live and where the leader is called the president . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
spanish is spoken in new york .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira .
william anders , born in british hong kong , served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin retired on september 1st , 1969 and frank borman was a backup pilot .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
alaa abdul - zahra is in the al - khor sports club whose ground is in al - khor .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the atlas ii originated from the united states and was launched from the vandenberg air force base .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . batak and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the launch site of the antares rocket was the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
graeme garden stars in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united f . c .
alan shepard was a crew member of the apollo 14 which is operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv who are managed by oleh luzhny . his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium and whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played football for hamilton academical fc and clyde fc .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and now plays for juventus fc .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the honda k engine is manufactured by honda .
the polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica which is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . it has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 1732 - 2421 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . francis g slay is the leader of st . louis .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . the airport &apos; s icao location identifier is viag and it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1818 .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , united states whig party led by henry clay .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club u . c . sampdoria who play in the serie a league and are managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian navy and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 . mike akhigbe &apos; s successor was oladipo diya and he was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . finland is led by juha sipila and the language spoken is sami languages .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia where hailemariam desalegn is the leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc dynamo moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area &apos; b &apos; and is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish can be found in the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
alfred garth jones was born in england , uk and died in london .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
sri lankan rupee is the capital of sri lanka where adisham hall is located and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 . it has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
elliot see died in 1966 - 02 - 28 .
malays is an ethnic group in sumatra .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre and is 184 . 0 above sea level . it has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is signed to floating world records and is signed to floating world records .
anders osborne is signed to the shanachie records label and alligator records which is located in chicago . alligator records are associated with the blues .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
blt is a variation of a club sandwich and is a variation of a club sandwich .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the american submarine nr - 1 was drafted by the draft of 4 . 6 m .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii .
adam maher &apos; s club is the netherlands national under 17 football team .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
andrew white is a musician associated with the musical artist marry banilow and performs alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding which originates from the derbyshire dales in derbyshire .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
arem - arem is a dish found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
the alhambra was wrecked .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music which has a musical fusion called bhangra .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod bc who are coached by zvi f . c .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and 1634 the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft round 2 and his former team was the los angeles rams .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba , romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
adam holloway was born in kent , studied at magdalene college cambridge .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is us lesquin olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , was assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aston martin virage succeeded by the aston martin virage .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader and the currency is the indian rupee .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) discipline is math .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed with london based polydor records . he is signed to london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
jorge humberto rodriguez has been manager of a d isidro metapan and is a member of the club fc dallas .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the genre of aaron turner , who plays the electric guitar .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the leader is matteo renzi .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
ahmet davutoglu is the largest city in turkey , where the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) , made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an area of 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered at the four world trade center .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and chris patten .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kub .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and performs pop music .
the novel castle is written in english .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of wilderness , which was part of the american civil war conflict . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . the airport &apos; s icao location identifier is kabi and it is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and the runway name is 17 l / 35 r .
aek athens f . c . &apos; s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague greece where olympiacos f . c . were past champions .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba is uab .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has 560 pages and isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kg .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s anthem is desteapta - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the full name of bibbo is bbowski who was created by marv wolfman .
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec .
acta mathematica hungarica , or acta math . hungar . , comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california , which is located in the united states .
the american journal of mathematics has the academic discipline of mathematics .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc tom tomsk and the russia national football b - 24 football b club .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem ayers &apos; s draft pick was 39 and he used to play for the new england patriots .
tomatoes is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the capital of the united states is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region .
a wizard of mars was written in english and originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the novel castle is written in english .
mikulov was the birthplace of adolf schärf .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , it includes bread and is a variation of the club sandwich .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
jens hartel played for sv germania schoneiche and has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , opp . gujarat university road .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . its main ingredients are bread , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon barm , or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , piece &apos; n bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the dutch language is spoken and the leader is philippe of belgium .
atlas ii is 3 . 04m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
alessio romagnoli &apos; s youth club was a . s . roma .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , was a crew member of the apollo 14 which is operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s anthem is desteapta - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
beef kway teow is found in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family apiaceae .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
buzz aldrin , who was born as edwin eugene aldrin jr , was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
iraq born alaa abdul zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the vice president of the greek new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics who built the american submarine nr - 1 .
peter stoger , manager of 1 . fc koln , plays for sk vorwärts steyr and fk austria wien club . he also plays for fk austria wien soccer club .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and its dean is mario botta . switzerland &apos; s leader is the federal chancellor .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm who are managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
10 hygiea travels at an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitendertbaan and it is 2014 . 0 long .
adam maher &apos; s club is the netherlands national under 17 football team and he plays for az alkmaar .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , it includes bread and is a variation of the club sandwich .
albany , georgia has area code 229 .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . abu zahar ujang is a leader in malaysia where malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
alan shepard , deceased , was a test pilot .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s anthem is desteapta - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and the iraq national under 23 football team . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a sedan assembled in milan . it is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and opel vectra .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and fought in the military .
bo bibbowski &apos; s full name is bo bibbowski .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , united states whig party led by henry clay .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is a contributing property located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states .
alessio romagnoli plays for the italian national under 16 football team and is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered in jinnah international airport .
adam maher &apos; s club is the netherlands national under 17 football team and he plays for az alkmaar .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
english is spoken in canada .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the country &apos; s leader is the parliament of catalonia is the parliament of catalonia .
a . f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is the mechanics .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of aaron turner , who played with the band twilight .
abradab was born in poland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
andrew rayel plays trance music and is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and john digweed .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . finland is led by juha sipila and the language spoken is sami languages .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 and his draft team was the florida panthers .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens f . c . whose manager is gus poyet . his club is real zaragoza and he played for chelsea f . c .
houston is the largest city in texas , united states , where english is spoken and arlington is located .
atlas ii is 3 . 04m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and sandesh ( confectionery ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , whose governing body is cleveland city council .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
allan shivers , a member of the democratic party in the united states , was governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
1974 is one of the model years of the amc matador which was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in the four world trade center .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died in dona ana county , new mexico territory on 1896 - 02 - 01 .
sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is found in the jalisco region of mexico .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with hector numa moraes .
spanish is spoken in new york .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson plays the guitar for the rock band nrbq . rock music has its stylistic origins in country and bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from rock music .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with the oclc number 8805735 .
the launch site of the antares rocket was the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to the lancia thema .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . it was built by the american locomotive company .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
allan shivers &apos; successor was price daniel .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was produced in print .
arem - arem is a dish found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
scott adsit stars in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the indian rupee . bhajji originates from india .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the stylistic origin of jazz is the blues .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1st june 2009 in williamsburg , virginia .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
abradab played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
andrew rayel plays trance music and is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and john digweed .
the creator of april o &apos; neil is peter laird , a united states national .
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region .
alberto teisaire , a national of argentina , is a member of the justicialist party . spanish is spoken in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president .
austin is part of hays county in texas where english is spoken and the largest city is houston . houston is the largest city in texas .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alfred n . phillips was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and sandesh ( confectionery ) .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
german national walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen . allan sandage was a doctoral student of walter baade .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and made its maiden flight on 21 april 2013 .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and made its maiden flight on april 21 , 2013 .
the airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanaceae . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
&quot; a glastonbury romance &quot; was written by john cowper powys .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered at the four world trade center .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc tom tomsk and the russia national football b - 24 football b club .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who published a long way .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in netherlands . his alma mater is erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft carriers .
akeem adams plays for t &amp; tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin fc whose ground is palo seco . he also played for united petrotrin f . c .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war . aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre .
eagle is a key person at american motors , which makes the amc matador . roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors .
iraq born alaa abdul zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
arros negre comes from the valencian community in spain .
post metal musician aaron turner is a member of twilight and performed for house of low culture . cello is a post metal instrument .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the lancia thema .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who succeeded abdul rahman ya &apos; kub .
avocado is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
10 hygiea travels at an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
elliot see died in st . louis in 1966 - 02 - 28 .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by mark rutte and uses the colour red .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has a river called ganges .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage . the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin dbs .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
a . s . livorno calcio ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and its ground is in livorno , italy .
lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport which is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan assembled in italy . it is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and opel vectra .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
the epoch of 1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in hardcover with the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 6 .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was a crew member of the apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
carnival corporation &amp; plc is the parent company of costa crociere , who built the aid astella . the aid astella was built by meyer werft , located in germany .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is a contributing property located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was produced in print .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . he was the governor of west virginia . he retired on march 4th 1905 and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
elliot see died in 1966 - 02 - 28 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km . it has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
a storrs was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . his genre is country music is banjo .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of the alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the hall is owned by the college of william and mary and was designed by robert a m stern .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
addiction ( journal ) is about addiction .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club u . c . sampdoria who play in the serie a league and are managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a sedan assembled in milan . it is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and opel vectra .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
the manager of al - zawra &apos; a sc is basim qasim .
ahmet ertegun , from the united states , plays rock and roll music . african americans are an ethnic group in the blues .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway length is 3500 . 0 .
the antares rocket is manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on the 28th october 2014 and its final flight was on the 28th october 2014 .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 and his club is the florida panthers .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin fc whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured in 1937 .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . sri lanka &apos; s capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and its leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the character ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
the antares rocket is comparable to the delta ii rocket which was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a division of audi e - tron .
with a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres , atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
allan shivers , a member of the democratic party in the united states , was governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
adam holloway was born in faversham , studied at magdalene college cambridge and is a member of the conservative party in the uk .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
a wizard of mars was published in english and originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , opp . gujarat university road .
andrew rayel is associated with artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert that can be found in the philippines where philippine english is the language spoken .
alan martin played for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
the atlas ii originates from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . malik muhamada is the leader of pakistan and the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was founded in schenectady , new york .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . it has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom which is led by elizabeth ii .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
sweden singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
john buscema won the eisner award .
aleksandra kovac &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
john madin , born in birmingham , was the architect of 103 colmore row .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader in germany , where berlin is the capital .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands april 1948 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by khadija arib .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where two of the leaders are prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and his club is fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
arlington is part of the state of texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
akron , summit county , ohio is located within the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , county limerick city and county council is located in limerick .
akeem ayers &apos; draft pick was 39 and he used to play for the tennessee titans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
the book aenir was written in english and followed by above the veil .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington dc and a severed wasp originates from .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kg .
austin , texas has a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 703 . 95 sq km .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the lancia thema .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . it has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
anaheim is a city in orange county , california , united states .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago &apos; s capital is springfield and rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 and resides in kuching . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics .
andrew white is a musician signed to london based polydor records .
anaheim is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of montevideo is the politician daniel martinez .
michigan is in the united states .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party and worked as the minister of transport .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the association of public and land - grant universities . its president is elizabeth garrett .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california . the english language is spoken in california which is led by the san francisco bay area .
carnival corporation &amp; plc is the parent company of costa crociere , who built the aid astella . the aid astella was built by meyer werft , located in germany .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by mark rutte and uses the colour red .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace . the ela - 3 is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
a severed wasp is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for the club anyang halla .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( led by tony tan ) . standard chinese is spoken in singapore .
akron summit assault &apos; s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also contains banana .
alan bean , now retired , was born on mar 15 , 1932 .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba is uab .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the people are called americans and the capital city is washington dc . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is to the west of adams county , pennsylvania which has carroll county maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southeast .
afc blackpool &apos; s ground is in blackpool .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and located in peoria , illinois . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
the musician andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
rhythm and blues solo singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league where carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas , where austin is located . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas , where english is spoken .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . rhythm and blues originated from blues music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener &apos; s bones .
the antares rocket is comparable to the delta ii rocket which was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
andra is a solo singer who was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and arabic is spoken there .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives before being succeeded by albert e austin .
batagor , shumai and shumai are variations of the same dish . the dish comes from indonesia and has shiitake as one of its ingredients .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
madrid is in spain .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the lccn number 0567 - 7920 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 498055501 - 301 - 3 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanaceae . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level , has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 6 . 81 sq km .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it was 63800 . 0 millimetres long and was launched on 31 may 1855 .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and 1634 the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by p &amp; o . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where spanish is spoken and spaniards are an ethnic group .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
the launch site of the alv x - 1 was the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the book aenir was written in english by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
adare manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by george richard pain .
the aid astella made its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , a member of the united states democratic party , was a member of the united states democratic party and was succeeded by albert e austin .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the president .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and fought in the military .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by khadija arib .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert that can be found in the philippines where philippine english is the language spoken .
eagle is a key person at american motors , which makes the amc matador . roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label universal records .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
anderson , indiana is 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
the gemstone benitoite is found in california .
sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is found in the jalisco region of mexico .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . its main ingredients are bread , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon barm , or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , piece &apos; n bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
michele marcolini &apos; s club is atalanta b . c .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
springer science + business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which was founded by springer science .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and pop music .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where the people are known as finns and juha sipila is a leader .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian leads atlantic city international airport .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american submarine nr - 1 , built by general dynamics electric boat , has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m , a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 6155910000000 . 0 .
bhajji originates from india where indian people live .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
1974 is one of the model years of the amc matador which was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . his musical genre is candombe and his recording label is rca records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen and its leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
jazz musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed with stanyan records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
akeem priestley plays for sheikies and the connecticut huskies club .
audi was founded by august horch .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the audi a1 , assembled in audi brussels , has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , is a member of the justicialist party and worked as the provisional president of the argentine senate .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and is 1 . 9304 metres high .
andrew rayel is associated with artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
the area code for antioch , california , is 925 .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is known as turk şehitleri aniti .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is taquirari .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where susana diaz is the leader .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where spanish is spoken and spaniards are an ethnic group .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar , who plays for jong ajax and jong ajax .
fallujah is in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of aaron turner , who played with the band twilight .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 6 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a crew member of apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . he is now retired .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group and one of the languages used is arabic .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 by the montreal locomotive works . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
batagor &apos; s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the rosids and the rutaceae family .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , is 1 . 9304 m high .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfredo zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and performs milonga music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist johnny sansone .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and succeeded by the aston martin virage .
the atlas ii originated from the united states and was launched from the vandenberg air force base .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and william anders was a backup pilot .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transport .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
salem is the capital of oregon where albany is located .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the lccn number 0567 - 7920 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g p prabhukumar .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales and commelinids .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat &apos; s leader is sumitra mahajan and the gujarat legislative assembly are leaders in india .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc who play in palo seco velodrome . he also played for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
aleksander barkov jr &apos; s height is 1 . 905 .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim and plays for al - zawra &apos; a sc .
beef kway teow is found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group , and where the inhabitants are known as americans .
a storrs was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
103 colmore row , located in birmingham , has 23 floors and was completed in 1973 .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is &quot; amsterdamsche goden &quot; , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and manages a . s . roma .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c . the national anthem is the star spangled banner .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh , part of bundelkhand . the indian air force is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and the iraq national under 23 football team . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
juan carlos i of spain &apos; s predecessor was francisco franco .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 , has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
beef kway teow is found in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the musician andrew white &apos; s record label is b - unique records .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the association of public and land - grant universities . its president is elizabeth garrett .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the runway length is 3800 . 0 and 159 metres above sea level .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq which performs country music which plays banjo .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al . it has 512 pages and is 512 pages long .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by khadija arib .
airey neave began his career on june 30th 1953 .
john wiley &amp; sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of the journal addiction , which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 , has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the indian rupee . bhajji originates from india .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the cape canaveral air force station . the antares rocket is launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . it has an average speed of 16 . 744 km per sec .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who published a long way .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
dwight d . eisenhower succeeded john f . kennedy .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
alligator records is located in chicago .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to london based polydor records . he is signed to london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who published a long way .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
spanish is spoken in california .
lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport which is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
bo bibbowski &apos; s full name is bo bibbowski .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
the musician andrew white &apos; s record label is b - unique records .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the greek language is spoken and alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders .
the netherlands national agnes kant worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and khadija arib is the leader .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is found in the jalisco region of mexico .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , uk in 1872 . he died in london .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
nottingham born n . r . pogson .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was founded in schenectady , new york .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 498055501 - 301 - 3 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , azerbaijan .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the aid aluna is 252 metres long and has a top speed of 40 . 744 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
the asian south africans are an ethnic group in south africa where cape town is the capital and 11 diagonal street is located .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and eric flint .
ernie colon and the puerto rican national ernie colon created the comic character bolt , whose alternative name is larry bolatinsky .
awh engineering college is located in kerala which is led by kochi .
the a - rosa luna is owned by rolls - royce holdings and is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company located in coventry .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of the alan b miller hall which was started on 30 march 2007 in the united states .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the language is italian .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 and his club is the florida panthers .
andrew white is a musician signed to london based polydor records .
michele marcolini &apos; s club is atalanta b . c .
the audi a1 , assembled in audi brussels , has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
st . louis rams are based in st . louis .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest , its leader is klaus iohannis and its national anthem is desteaptă - te , române !
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where alfred moore scales took part in the battle of gettysburg . alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war which took part in the battle of gettysburg . jefferson davis was a commander in that war .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . his musical genre is candombe and his recording label is rca records .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km . it has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
allen forrest is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a crew member of apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . he is now retired .
abel hernandez &apos; s club is penarol whose manager is jorge orosmán da silva .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is &quot; association football club blackpool &quot; and they have 1500 members .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding which originates from the derbyshire dales in derbyshire .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
azal arena is located in baku .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , studied at the technical institute kaduna , worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats .
buzz aldrin , a us national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 by the montreal locomotive works . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
finnish is a language in finland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the leader of the united states is called the president and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine and was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french and jefferson davis was a commander .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a crew member of apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . he is now retired .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to rca records .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to rca records .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war . aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is related to the aston martin dbs .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york or hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the american , duncan rouleau created by steven t seagle and steven t . seagle . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
american test pilot alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
the asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1974 is one of the model years of the amc matador which was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
mikulov was the birthplace of adolf schärf .
31 december 2006 is the epoch of 110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
meride is the neighboring municipality of mendrisio .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth team and his club is us citta di palermo which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soya sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow .
awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala &apos; s largest city is mumbai and the country &apos; s leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , whose alma mater was the university of michigan . mr . watson died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
alan bean , now retired , was born on mar 15 , 1932 .
elliot see died in 1966 - 02 - 28 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba , romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital city is rome .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group , and where the inhabitants are known as americans .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and sandesh ( confectionery ) .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of atlantic city , part of new jersey .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
sausage is a main ingredient in bacon explosion which contains bacon .
aleksander barkov jr &apos; s height is 1 . 905 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an area of 166 metres above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
audi was founded by august horch .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and performs pop music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and great britain is the language spoken .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and sergio mattarella is the leader . the capital of italy is rome .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is the language spoken in great britain and african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with bobina and jwaydan moyine .
black metal musician aaron turner , from the united states , started performing in 1995 and old man gloom .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb and has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch . audi e - tron is a division of audi which has lamborghini as a subsidiary .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is a tenant .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was a crew member of the apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for the soviet union national football team . he has played for fc torpedo moscow which is managed by valery petrakov .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
andrew white is a musician signed to london based polydor records .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and tab benoit .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it was 63800 . 0 millimetres long and was launched on 31 may 1855 .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
bionico , a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico , contains raisins .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for alianza f . c . club and the el salvador national football team .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , is a member of the republican party in the united states .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
buzz aldrin , a us national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
blt is a variation of a club sandwich and is a variation of a club sandwich .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was founded in schenectady , new york .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft in genoa . it is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
abradab was born on november 12 , 1978 and played with the band kaliber 44 . he is associated with the rapper magik .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and the iraq national under 23 football team . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
above the veil is available in print .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
the gemstone benitoite is found in california .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established 1907 - 07 - 11 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the nearest city is frederick , maryland .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft round 2 and his former team was the los angeles rams .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
akeem adams plays for t &amp; tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
sweet potatoes are part of the order of solanales and are an ingredient in binignit along with banana .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california . the english language is spoken in california which is led by the san francisco bay area .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
agra airport is located in agra and operated by the airports authority of india . the iata location identifier for agra airport is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established 1907 - 07 - 11 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the nearest city is frederick , maryland .
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is located in uttar pradesh and its icao location identifier is viag .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist christian burns .
aleksandra kovač is part of the k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which has its headquarters at broadcasting house and broadcast bananaman .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the voice of the music genre , bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken .
alan bean , now retired , was born in wheeler , texas , united states .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish can be found in the philippines .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abdulsalami abubakar , who worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff , was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza in argentina . he was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . abu zahar ujang is a leader in malaysia where malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and its dean is mario botta . switzerland &apos; s leader is the federal chancellor .
a wizard of mars was published in english and originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean ( born alan la vern bean ) was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 12 operated apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and retired in june 1981 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
a storrs was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was active in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alan tudyk stars in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc tom tomsk .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft in genoa . it is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the number of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are main ingredients in bakso which is popular in indonesia .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen and its leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is a united states national .
aleksandr prudnikov &apos; s youth football club was fc anzhi makhachkala and he played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
allen forrest was born on april 3 , 1981 .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh , part of bundelkhand . the indian air force is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the people are called americans and the capital city is washington dc . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard , deceased , was a test pilot .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 cm tall . he plays for the scotland national under 21 football team and crewe alexandra fc .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania . she is a singer and her musical genre is dance pop .
black metal musician aaron turner , from the united states , started performing in 1995 and old man gloom .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken and aarhus airport is located in tirstrup which is part of the central denmark region .
alberto teisaire was from argentina where spanish is spoken and horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader .
al anderson plays the guitar for the rock band nrbq . rock music has its stylistic origins in country and bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from rock music .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce in indonesia .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company located in coventry .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states , where americans live and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
london is the capital of the united kingdom which is the location of the aston martin v8 . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan bean is a united states national .
the manager of al - zawra &apos; a sc is basim qasim .
barny cakes have 30 . 0g of size .
beef kway teow is found in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the audi a1 , assembled in audi brussels , has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout .
denmark demonym is danes .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he played for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
austin , texas has a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 703 . 95 sq km .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the luxury class of acura tlx has a v6 engine and is assembled at the marysville auto plant .
the alco rs - 3 has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . it was built by the american locomotive company .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe &apos; s successor was atiku abubakar , who was succeeded by atiku abubakar .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat &apos; s leader is sumitra mahajan and the gujarat legislative assembly are leaders in india .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh , part of awadh . the indian air force is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor , who was born in bloomsbury in ireland , where the palace of westminster was the architect of the palace of westminster .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion . funk is a derivative of jazz which has its stylistic origins in the blues and afrobeat .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is the language spoken in great britain and african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abradab played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
alessio romagnoli plays for the italian national under 16 football team and is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is a contributing property located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r aalsmeerbaan and the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
acoustic musician alex day started performing in 2006 and plays with chameleon circuit . he is associated with the musical artist , charlie mc donnell .
allan shivers &apos; successor was price daniel .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it is currently in service and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the postcode is b and the leader is andrew mitchell .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club u . c . sampdoria who play in the serie a league and are managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . william anders is now retired and frank borman was a backup pilot .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate district 4 for port arthur .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who succeeded abdul rahman ya &apos; kub .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
marriott international was the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3 xn .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was founded in schenectady , new york .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly , california .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was created by american , duncan rouleau .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 173 kelvins .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps who are in the veikausliiga league .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in the four world trade center .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage . the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin dbs .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
avocado is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia .
the antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party and worked as the minister of transport .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 - 301 - 3 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 3 .
zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and batchoy is eaten .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , stars scott adsit .
akeem dent debuted with the atlanta falcons who play in texas . he also played for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , played for the italian national under 17 football team , is connected to uc sampdoria .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the voice of the music genre , bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of the siomay dish . batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is found in singapore and indonesia .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupolis and the chairman is antonis miliki .
zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and batchoy is eaten .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he retired on september 1st , 1969 with frank borman as a backup pilot .
agnes kant was born in west germany and resided in doesburg . her alma mater is radboud university nijmegen .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark .
bionico , a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico , contains raisins .
bionico is a dessert from mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
albany , georgia has area code 229 .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and is now retired .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of monarch , felipe gonzalez , whose predecessor was francisco franco .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the de marce short stories in the grantville gazette iii .
alan bean is a united states national .
bionico is a dessert from mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . honey can be added to it .
the antares rocket is manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on the 28th october 2014 and its final flight was on the 28th october 2014 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an area of 166 metres above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv who are managed by oleh luzhny . his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium and whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
aek athens f . c . , with 69618 members , played in the superleague greece in the 2014 season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken . rome is the capital of italy .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock in the united states . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
new york city is part of new netherland .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania . she is a singer and her musical genre is dance pop .
abner plays for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and english is the language spoken . white americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and the capital is washington , d . c .
abradab was born on november 12 , 1978 and played with the band kaliber 44 . he is associated with the rapper magik .
the language of indonesia is indonesian .
the creator of april o &apos; neil is peter laird , a united states national .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level , has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 6 . 81 sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubbio .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he played for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
marriott international was the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3 xn .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states , where don guardian is the leader .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
amarillo , texas is located within the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he is now retired .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has an academic staff size of 737 and lars lokke rasmussen is the dean of the school which is affiliated with the european university association .
fir park is the ground of motherwell f . c .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with kristina kovač .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the greek new democracy party whose colour is blue . adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
the aid astella was christened on march 17 , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan assembled in italy . it is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and opel vectra .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was succeeded by oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala &apos; s largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio . it has front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also contains banana .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , whose alma mater was the university of michigan . mr . watson died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and great britain is the language spoken .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
alan bean , now retired , was born on mar 15 , 1932 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the lccn number 0567 - 7920 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under 21 football team .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
st . louis rams are based in st . louis .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
akron , summit county , ohio is located within the united states , where barack obama is the leader and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
adam holloway was born in kent and studied at magdalene college cambridge . he fought in the gulf war and began his career on 5th may 2005 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
the full name of bibbo is bbowski who was created by marv wolfman .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
the leader of dublin is críona ní dhálaigh .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
abradab , from katowice , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
akeem priestley plays for sheikies and the connecticut huskies club .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool , where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
manhattan is part of new york .
alessio romagnoli &apos; s youth club was a . s . roma .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has a runway length of 1873 . 0 and is 23 metres above sea level .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena at east link bridge .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where americans live and where the leader is called the president . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq which performs country music which plays banjo .
baked alaska is from hong kong , united states . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the musical genre of aaron turner .
jorge humberto rodriguez has been manager of a d isidro metapan and is a member of the club fc dallas .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by the montreal locomotive works .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena at east link bridge .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , studied at the university of michigan , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona , which has 39371 members .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with the oclc number 8805735 .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which last aired on april 15th 1986 .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
jens hartel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
the aid astella made its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . taro aso is the leader of japan and chinese people are an ethnic group there .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where spanish is spoken and spaniards are an ethnic group .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kg .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 , has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and eric flint .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens hartel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is sanat mes kerman f . c .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
the book aenir was written in english and followed by above the veil .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al . it has 512 pages and is 512 pages long .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , is 1 . 9304 m high .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al . it has 512 pages and is 512 pages long .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , was mayor of stamford , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e austin .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
indian rupee is the currency in india .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states . his musical genre is rhythm and blues and his background is non performing personnel .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and sandesh ( confectionery ) .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of atlantic city , part of new jersey .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada in 1989 .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people &apos; s party is the people &apos; s party ( spain ) .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula in malaysia . abu zahar ujang is a leader in malaysia where malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the capital of the united states is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , stars scott adsit .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is spoken in california .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the acura tlx is related to the honda accord .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , which joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
auburn is part of the state of washington in the united states , where olympia is the capital .
akeem priestley &apos; s club is connecticut huskies .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , whose alma mater was the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
the epoch of 1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
sara miller mc cune founded administrative science quarterly which is published by sage publications . its issn number is 0001 - 8392 .
akeem ayers , who was born on 10th july 1989 , made his debut for the tennessee titans and used to play for the st . louis rams .
english is the language of the united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . the airport &apos; s icao location identifier is viag and it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1818 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena .
a long long way is written in english .
alan bean is a united states national .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre and is 184 . 0 above sea level . it has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce in indonesia .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in world war ii . he began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . adonis georgiadis was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
alfred garth jones was born in england , uk and died in london .
alberto teisaire , a national of argentina , is a member of the justicialist party . spanish is spoken in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c . the national anthem is the star spangled banner .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
abel hernandez &apos; s club is penarol whose manager is jorge orosmán da silva .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and william anders was a backup pilot .
english is spoken in great britain and is the language spoken in great britain . 1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malays and minangkabau are ethnic groups in sumatra .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he is now retired .
the netherlands national agnes kant worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and khadija arib is the leader .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abel hernandez &apos; s club is penarol whose manager is jorge orosmán da silva .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
allan shivers , a member of the democratic party in the united states , was governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
alan martin played football for accrington stanley f . c . whose home ground is accrington stanley f . c .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the christening date of a - rosa luna was april 6th 2005 .
michigan is in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and performs psychedelia music .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of the u . s .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is newark and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and pop music .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th 1978 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics who built the american submarine nr - 1 .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives before being succeeded by albert e austin .
kevin eastman created april o &apos; neil .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . chicago &apos; s capital is springfield and rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian navy and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 . mike akhigbe &apos; s successor was oladipo diya and he was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to rca records .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , united states whig party led by henry clay .
soho press is located in the united states .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born nottingham and died in chennai . he died in chennai .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french and jefferson davis was a commander .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
asilomar conference grounds has an arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under 21 football team .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock in the united states . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
william anders , born in british hong kong , served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin retired on september 1st , 1969 and frank borman was a backup pilot .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
jazz musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed with floating world records and floating world records . deram records is in london .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs which has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
31 december 2006 is the epoch of 110 lydia , which has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the greek new democracy party whose colour is blue . adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where susana diaz is the leader .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the association of public and land - grant universities . its president is elizabeth garrett .
aleksandra kovac &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion . funk is a derivative of jazz which has its stylistic origins in the blues and afrobeat .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson , who died in chennai . 107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in illinois .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his music genre is rock music .
peter laird is a united states national .
abradab , from katowice , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the indian rupee . bhajji originates from india .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
alex day performs synthpop music .
andrew rayel , whose musical genre is trance , is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , which joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
abel hernandez &apos; s club is hull city afc and he plays for hull city afc who are managed by steve bruce .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club .
the footballer abner was born in brazil .
auburn is part of the state of washington in the united states , where olympia is the capital .
dwight d . eisenhower succeeded john f . kennedy .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the euro is the currency .
houston is the largest city in texas where spanish is spoken and arlington is located . tarrant county is part of tarrant county , texas , where the county seat is fort worth .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with the oclc number 8805735 .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed 25 engine and a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim and plays for al - zawra &apos; a sc .
1097 vicia travels at an average speed of 17 . 92 kilometres per second .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza in argentina . he was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
the college of william and mary owns alan b . miller hall .
alan bean , now retired , was born in wheeler , texas , united states .
baked alaska is from hong kong , united states . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate district 4 for port arthur .
airey neave , who started his career on march 4th 1974 , fought in the battle of france .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
300 north la salle , illinois has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . it is 120770 square metres .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
indian people are from india .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
john wiley &amp; sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of the journal addiction , which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii and has the inuktitut as its national anthem , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . rhythm and blues originated from blues music .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is found in guadalajara , mexico .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the honda k engine is manufactured by honda .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band which has its origins in ska .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where spanish is spoken . juan peron was married to eva peron , who was in office while labour party was president .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music which has a musical fusion called bhangra .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport is located in brasilia and is 911 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1800 . 0 and is operated by infraero .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is shanachie records .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . he was the governor of west virginia . he retired on march 4th 1905 and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with andreea bălan and andreea bălan .
abner is a footballer for the brazilian national under 20 team and also real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the largest city is newark .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the vice president of the greek new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c . the national anthem is the star spangled banner .
the amc matador station wagon is assembled in mexico city and has an amc v8 engine .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label universal records .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the voice of the music genre , bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
karl kesel &apos; s nationality is american .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and fought in the military .
american motors co was succeeded by eagle and succeeded by eagle . roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was acquired by chrysler .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the alv x - 1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it is currently in service and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
arros negre comes from the valencian community in spain .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there .
indian rupee is the currency in india .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the architect of 3 arena in dublin was the company populous .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is president barack obama and the capital city is washington dc . the leader of the united states is president barack obama .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the lccn number of 32024459 and the issn number of 1865 - 8784 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the same dish .
bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
auburn is part of king county in washington , united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and is classed as a mid - size car .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who is a canadian national who died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people &apos; s party is the people &apos; s party ( spain ) .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akeem priestley plays for sheikies and the connecticut huskies club .
amarillo , texas is located within the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin fc whose ground is palo seco . he also played for united petrotrin f . c .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth team and also for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the parliament of the united kingdom is led by the labour party .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also contains banana .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary , austria - hungary .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
the gemstone benitoite is found in california .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a division of audi e - tron .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovac &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome and pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital city is washington dc .
alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine and was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to london based polydor records . he is signed to london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
pacific grove is part of california .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
elliot see died in 1966 - 02 - 28 .
birmingham , which has the b postcode is governed by the labour politician john clancy and is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
connecticut born alfred n phillips was a member of the us army which fought in the whiskey rebellion . he was a member of the u . s . army , the mayor of stamford connecticut .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom by lippincott williams &amp; wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he is now retired .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
fallujah is in iraq .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in the four world trade center .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan assembled in italy . it is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and opel vectra .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in world war ii . he began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the dutch language is spoken and the leader is philippe of belgium .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the american journal of mathematics has the academic discipline of mathematics .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is us lesquin olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx has a layout of awd .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis . francis g slay is the leader of greater st . louis .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital city is london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of the country .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , madrid , spain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is spoken in great britain and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed 25 engine and a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and arabic is spoken there .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
jill shilling stars in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
alison o &apos; donnell performs jazz music .
alvah sabin started his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
buzz aldrin , also known as edwin e . aldrin jr , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm who are managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington dc is the capital .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and mexican spanish is spoken .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . chieti calcio . he played for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups from malaysia .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft carriers .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the lccn number of 32024459 and the issn number of 1865 - 8784 .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . it has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . its construction began in january 2014 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is to the north of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southeast .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was a commander in the gulf war .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he is now retired .
the aid aluna is 252 metres long and has a top speed of 40 . 744 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain , is operated by enaire .
aek athens f . c . &apos; s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague greece where olympiacos f . c . were past champions .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the president .
round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas , where austin is located . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas , where english is spoken .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is based in new york city where acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
abner plays for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover with an oclc number of 78771100 .
alvis speed 25 has a petrol engine and was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , whose alma mater was the university of michigan . mr . watson died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . it has an average speed of 16 . 744 km per sec .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , it includes bread and is a variation of the club sandwich .
the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture , japan has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist johnny sansone .
beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and chelsea fc .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in austria . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party and died in styria in styria .
the united states air force fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is &quot; association football club blackpool &quot; and they have 1500 members .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . sri lanka &apos; s capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and its leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
aaron deer is signed to kill rock stars .
birmingham , which has the b postcode is governed by the labour politician john clancy and is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau , derbyshire .
awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala &apos; s largest city is mumbai and the country &apos; s leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group and one of the languages used is arabic .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and lars lokke rasmussen led by lars lokke rasmussen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
tomatoes is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
300 north la salle , illinois has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . it is 120770 square metres .
mikulov was the birthplace of adolf schärf .
drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united f . c .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth club and he also played for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia .
alessio romagnoli &apos; s youth club was a . s . roma .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50 .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and english is the language spoken . white americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and the capital is washington , d . c .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , was a crew member of the apollo 14 which is operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
asam pedas is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups there .
the comic character bolt , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohkin and gary cohn .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz where doris bures is a leader .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was founded in schenectady , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad &apos; s club is steel azin f . c . and he plays for al shorta sc .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in the united states . it has a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin rham / 1 . it is assembled at newport pagnell .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th 1978 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league where carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and 1634 the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
rhythm and blues solo singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in serbia .
alan bean , now retired , was born in wheeler , texas , united states .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which last aired on april 15th 1986 .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and died in gottingen .
the polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica which is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . it has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 1732 - 2421 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and performs psychedelia music .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc .
francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders in france where the french language is spoken and barny cakes are made with sponge cake .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is found in guadalajara , mexico .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he spent 52 minutes in space .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group and one of the languages used is arabic .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an oclc number of 78771100 and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an area of 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion . funk is a derivative of jazz .
scott adsit stars in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought .
agra airport is located in agra and operated by the airports authority of india . the iata location identifier for agra airport is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute kaduna .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins .
alaa abdul - zahra is in the al - khor sports club whose ground is in al - khor .
the novel aenir was preceded by the violet keystone and above the veil . the novel was preceded by the novel into battle and the violet keystone .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
andrew rayel is associated with artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is a leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the parliament of the united kingdom is led by the labour party .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque in new mexico .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california , which is located in the united states .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital city is london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama .
akron summit assault &apos; s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
alex day performs synthpop music .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and sandesh ( confectionery ) .
agnes ward white was the wife of albert b . white , who started his career on march 4th 1905 and ended his career on march 4th 1905 .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany . halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born nottingham and died in chennai . he died in chennai .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem - arem originates from .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and performs psychedelia music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . agnes ward white was married to william m o dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
alessio romagnoli plays for the italian national under 16 football team and is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
slavey is a language spoken in canada .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero in brasilia .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam holloway was born in kent and studied at magdalene college cambridge . he fought in the gulf war and began his career on 5th may 2005 .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem - arem originates from .
salem is the capital of oregon where albany is located .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee . he later played for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers &apos; s draft pick was 39 and he used to play for the new england patriots .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
carnival corporation &amp; plc is the parent company of costa crociere , who built the aid astella . the aid astella was built by meyer werft , located in germany .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , performs rock music which originated from country music . the banjo is a musical fusion of rock music which has its stylistic origins in blues .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born nottingham and died in chennai . he died in chennai .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada and asian canadians are one of the ethnic groups .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is led by ahora madrid .
the american , duncan rouleau created by steven t seagle and steven t . seagle . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
sara miller mc cune founded administrative science quarterly which is published by sage publications . its issn number is 0001 - 8392 .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . it serves the city of antwerp and public works and is 12 metres above sea level .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany . halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 173 kelvins .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the language and the leader is called the president . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
houston is the largest city in williamson county , texas where austin is located . houston is the largest city in williamson county , texas .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the cape canaveral air force station . the antares rocket is launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with kristina kovač .
akron , summit county , ohio is located within the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the cape canaveral air force station . the antares rocket is launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 14 operated apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein was a senator .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh , part of bundelkhand . the indian air force is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine and was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the area code for antioch , california , is 925 .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war . aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian heinrich peters .
the number of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
manhattan is part of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by the montreal locomotive works .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
alberto teisaire , a national of argentina , is a member of the justicialist party . spanish is spoken in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma and the italian national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
alan martin played football for accrington stanley f . c . whose home ground is accrington stanley f . c .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by mark rutte and uses the colour red .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band which has its origins in ska .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he plays for sv werder bremen ii which is in the league 3 liga .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
jazz musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed with floating world records and floating world records . deram records is in london .
aleksandra kovac &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio . it has front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
isaac rojas was the successor to alberto teisaire , who worked as the provisional president of the argentine senate .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 , a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and the area codes are 657 and 714 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
akeem ayers , who was born on 10th july 1989 , made his debut for the tennessee titans and used to play for the st . louis rams .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50 .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and is associated with bajik .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast . the institute was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation and the arabian sea .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and the runway name is 14 l / 32 r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
julia morgan &apos; s significant building was the los angeles herald examiner .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksander barkov jr &apos; s height is 1 . 905 .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , opp . gujarat university road .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was in office while juan peron was president and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . francis g slay is the leader of st . louis .
austin is part of hays county in texas where english is spoken and the largest city is houston . houston is the largest city in texas .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , uk in 1872 . he died in london .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis . francis g slay is the leader of greater st . louis .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with the oclc number 8805735 .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the same dish .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the de marce short stories in the grantville gazette iii .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the genre of aaron turner , who plays the electric guitar .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington dc is the capital .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham born n . r . pogson , who died in chennai . 107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and located in peoria , illinois . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture , japan has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where americans live . the leader of the united states is called the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth team . he also played for the uruguay national football team and u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where spanish is spoken . juan peron was married to eva peron , who was in office while labour party was president .
houston is the largest city in williamson county , texas where austin is located . houston is the largest city in williamson county , texas .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and can be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon muffin .
allan shivers served in the united states army and began his career on january 21st 1947 . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he plays for sv werder bremen ii which is in the league 3 liga .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar , who plays for jong ajax and jong ajax .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups from malaysia .
andrew white is a musician associated with the musical artist marry banilow and performs alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the paperback book aenir was written by garth nix and has 233 pages and was produced in paperback .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and paperback .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in the four world trade center .
american motors was succeeded by eagle and succeeded by eagle .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his music genre is rock music .
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and is associated with bajik .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( led by tony tan ) . standard chinese is spoken in singapore .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was a crew member of the apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa .
austin is part of hays county in texas where the largest city is houston . houston is the county seat of hays county is the county seat of hays county .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert .
anders osborne is signed to the shanachie records label and alligator records which is located in chicago . alligator records are associated with the blues .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
andrew rayel , whose musical genre is trance , is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz where doris bures is a leader .
born in derbyshire , tim brooke - taylor , starred in bananaman .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the stylistic origin of jazz is the blues .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played football for hamilton academical fc and clyde fc .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york or hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
michele marcolini , born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino fc .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united f . c .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
the architect of adare manor is philip mc manus and the building was completed in 1862 .
1097 vicia travels at an average speed of 17 . 92 kilometres per second .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is a leader .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and jerry ordway .
the united states includes the ethnic group of native americans and is the location of auburn , alabama .
fir park is the ground of motherwell f . c .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is signed to floating world records and is signed to floating world records .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada in 1989 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and sergio mattarella is the leader . the capital of italy is rome .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 , vermont . vermont &apos; s largest city is burlington and he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitendertbaan and it is 2014 . 0 long .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , române !
gubbio umbria is located in the region of gubbio .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
akeem dent was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he made his debut for the atlanta falcons and used to play for the houston texans .
austin , texas is located within the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the mayor .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 498055501 - 301 - 3 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock in the united states . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
ernie colon and gary cohn created the comic character bolt .
aleksandra kovač is part of the k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . sri lanka &apos; s capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and its leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
john madin , born in birmingham , was the architect of 103 colmore row .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom by lippincott williams &amp; wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the association of public and land - grant universities .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he spent 52 minutes in space .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has a river called ganges .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is the prime minister artur rasizade and the capital city is baku .
the american submarine nr - 1 , built by general dynamics electric boat , has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m , a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which includes bread .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , opp . gujarat university road .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
akeem dent debuted with the atlanta falcons who play in texas . he also played for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and it has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
ernie colon and the puerto rican national ernie colon created the comic character bolt , whose alternative name is larry bolatinsky .
the alv x - 1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
atlanta falcons play in the city of atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) discipline is math .
batagor , shumai and shumai are variations of the same dish . the dish comes from indonesia and has shiitake as one of its ingredients .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . batak and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
alaa abdul - zahra is in the al - khor sports club whose ground is in al - khor .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , uk in 1872 . he died in london .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the republican party of the united states . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc who play in palo seco velodrome . he also played for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
the amc matador station wagon is assembled in mexico city and has an amc v8 engine .
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is located in uttar pradesh and its icao location identifier is viag .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
the distributing company of rca records is sony music entertainment .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , whose alma mater was the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
alan tudyk stars in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the language is italian .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which last aired on april 15th 1986 .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
the american journal of mathematics has the academic discipline of mathematics .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is operated by aida cruises and operated by costa crociere .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he played for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi who manufacture the audi a1 .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in the four world trade center .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and made its maiden flight on april 21 , 2013 .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has the epoch 31 december 2006 , and an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . francis g slay is the leader of st . louis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transport .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with the oclc number 8805735 .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , which joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , is a member of the republican party in the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the largest city is newark .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups from malaysia .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he retired on september 1st , 1969 with frank borman as a backup pilot .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
jens hartel played for sv germania schoneiche and has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band which has its origins in ska .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a division of audi e - tron .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the stylistic origin of jazz is the blues .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which has its headquarters at broadcasting house and broadcast bananaman .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
adam holloway was born in faversham , studied at magdalene college cambridge and is a member of the conservative party in the uk .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
audi was founded by august horch .
agnes kant was born in west germany and resided in doesburg . her alma mater is radboud university nijmegen .
alan shepard was born on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
the aid aluna is 252 metres long and has a top speed of 40 . 744 .
akron summit assault &apos; s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city . he died in dona ana county , new mexico territory on 1896 - 02 - 01 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and manages a . s . roma .
sweet potatoes are part of the order of solanales and are an ingredient in binignit along with banana .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics .
the alhambra , which was wrecked , was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
airey neave was awarded the cross award .
james craig watson &apos; s alma mater was the university of michigan .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim is a city in orange county , california , united states .
alberto teisaire was from argentina where spanish is spoken and horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
the dish bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music which has a musical fusion called bhangra .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the de marce short stories in the grantville gazette iii .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dessert from the region of visayas , philippines . it contains sweet potatoes and sago .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of montevideo is the politician daniel martinez .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the leader is matteo renzi .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of colombian cuisine .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar , who worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff , was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and succeeded by the aston martin virage .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed with london based polydor records . he is signed to london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cake is a type of dessert .
the book aenir was written in english and followed by garth nix .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
the character ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was a commander in the gulf war .
with a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres , atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture , japan has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol in austria . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party and died in styria in styria .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
alfred n . phillips was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the aid astella made its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
arlington is part of the state of texas , united states , where houston is the largest city .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he spent 52 minutes in space .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and cost 110 million dollars . it cost 110 million dollars and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 , a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and the area codes are 657 and 714 .
white south african south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm who are managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the people are called americans and the capital city is washington dc . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french and jefferson davis was a commander .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen and has a magistrate as its government .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the national assembly .
the alv x - 1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has 560 pages and isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is the home ground of afc blackpool and the manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen . allan sandage was a doctoral student of walter baade .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington dc is the capital .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
buzz aldrin , a us national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii and has the inuktitut as its national anthem , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 and resides in kuching . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 877 . 0 and the 1st runway is made from poaceae .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe &apos; s successor was atiku abubakar , who was succeeded by atiku abubakar .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
white south african south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
adam maher &apos; s club is the netherlands national under 17 football team .
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , was assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aston martin virage succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where americans live , and where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a . s . livorno calcio ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and its ground is in livorno , italy .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , united states .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are related means of transport .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
cornell university , which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where the leader is tony tan . ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where english is spoken .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany , where the leader is stanislaw tillich .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it was 63800 . 0 millimetres long and was launched on 31 may 1855 .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 324 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and william anders was a backup pilot .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . blackpool , which is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the leader is matteo renzi .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is spoken in great britain and native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
buzz aldrin , also known as edwin e . aldrin jr , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce in indonesia .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . manhattan is led by gale brewer .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken and aarhus airport is located in tirstrup which is part of the central denmark region .
albany , georgia has area code 229 .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest , its leader is klaus iohannis and its national anthem is desteaptă - te , române !
avocado is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the paisa region of colombia .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the country &apos; s leader is the parliament of catalonia is the parliament of catalonia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it was 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and has walt disney studios motion pictures .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
akron , ohio is located within the united states where english is spoken .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover with an oclc number of 78771100 .
marriott international , with 23 floors , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the area code for antioch , california , is 925 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and has walt disney studios motion pictures .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is b . m . reddy .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the luxury class of acura tlx has a v6 engine and is assembled at the marysville auto plant .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died at parkersburg , west virginia on the 3rd july 1941 .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
jazz musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed with floating world records and floating world records . deram records is in london .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
american motors co was succeeded by eagle and succeeded by eagle . roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was acquired by chrysler .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth team and also for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in turkmenistan .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states , where americans live and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and sergio mattarella is the leader . the capital of italy is rome .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis . francis g slay is the leader of greater st . louis .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where alfred moore scales took part in the battle of gettysburg . alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war which took part in the battle of gettysburg . jefferson davis was a commander in that war .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of the siomay dish . batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is led by ahora madrid .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest , its leader is klaus iohannis and its national anthem is desteaptă - te , române !
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league where carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
english is spoken in canada .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast . the institute was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation and the arabian sea .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
the book aenir is written in english .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was born in windsor , connecticut . he started his career in 1966 and was a member of the wildweeds .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
houston is the largest city in texas , united states , where english is spoken and arlington is located .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 . he is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to the lancia thema .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen and its leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california , which is located in the united states .
the launch site of the alv x - 1 was the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking . he also plays for sv werder bremen ii .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh , part of awadh . the indian air force is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
31 december 2006 is the epoch of 110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
peter stoger , manager of 1 . fc koln , plays for sk vorwärts steyr and fk austria wien club . he also plays for fk austria wien soccer club .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the greek new democracy party whose colour is blue . adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and eric flint .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth team . he also played for the uruguay national football team and u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma and the italian national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is taquirari .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth club and he also played for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
polydor records is located in london .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures leads austria where austrian german is spoken .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled in the uk .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian heinrich peters .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
bakewell tart ( or pudding ) originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire where patrick mc loughlin is a leader . fruit preserves are an ingredient in the derbyshire dales .
alvah sabin started his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where tejano is a demonym used .
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and the runway name is 14 l / 32 r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
akeem ayers &apos; draft pick was 39 and he used to play for the tennessee titans .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
beef kway teow is found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was created by american , duncan rouleau .
post metal musician aaron turner is a member of twilight and performed for house of low culture . cello is a post metal instrument .
320 south boston building in the united states was designed by george winkler and has 22 floors .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin and the spoken language is english .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kub .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who use the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter and fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrew white is a musician associated with the musical artist marry banilow and performs alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
karl kesel &apos; s nationality is american .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth team and plays for central espanol . he also played for central espanol who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is the language spoken in great britain and african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
denmark demonym is danes .
bakso is a dish from indonesia and is made from ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
bakso is a dish from indonesia and is made from ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
pacific grove is part of california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states . his musical genre is rhythm and blues and his background is non performing personnel .
abradab was born in poland .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is operated by aida cruises and operated by costa crociere .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
the musical genre of agustin barboza is guarania .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch . audi e - tron is a division of audi which has lamborghini as a subsidiary .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc rubin kazan and fc spartak moscow .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is a traditional italian sauce from lazio .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , performs rock music which originated from country music . the banjo is a musical fusion of rock music which has its stylistic origins in blues .
atlas ii is 3 . 04m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark .
the book aenir was written in english by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the largest city is newark .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of the siomay dish . batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
connecticut born alfred n phillips was a member of the us army which fought in the whiskey rebellion . he was a member of the u . s . army , the mayor of stamford connecticut .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
abner plays for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family apiaceae .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
elliot see died in st . louis .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
anaheim is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is b . m . reddy .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the country &apos; s leader is the parliament of catalonia is the parliament of catalonia .
juan carlos i of spain &apos; s predecessor was francisco franco .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work for a glastonbury romance .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and france .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by boris johnson and the european parliament .
aleksandr prudnikov &apos; s youth football club was fc anzhi makhachkala and he played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the united states air force fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government . aarhus has a magistrate government and its headquarters is in brussels .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff , was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alfredo zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and performs milonga music .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the lccn number of 32024459 and the issn number of 1865 - 8784 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
english is spoken in great britain and is the language spoken in great britain . 1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupolis and the chairman is antonis miliki .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he played for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
31 december 2006 is the epoch of 110 lydia , which has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states . his musical genre is rhythm and blues and his background is non performing personnel .
amarillo , texas is located within the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he is now retired .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
allan shivers started his career on january 21st 1947 .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
graeme garden stars in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is &quot; association football club blackpool &quot; and they have 1500 members .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and is 1 . 9304 metres high .
eagle is a key person at american motors , which makes the amc matador . roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
anaheim is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen .
shumai is found in china .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
folk rock musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed to floating world records .
the paperback book aenir was written by garth nix and has 233 pages and was produced in paperback .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the runway length is 3800 . 0 and 159 metres above sea level .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . william anders is now retired and frank borman was a backup pilot .
cornell university , which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
the a - rosa luna is owned by rolls - royce holdings and is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is sanat mes kerman f . c .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the coach of the italy national under 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
indian rupee is the currency in india .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway length is 3500 . 0 .
acoustic musician alex day started performing in 2006 and plays with chameleon circuit . he is associated with the musical artist , charlie mc donnell .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states , where americans live and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , is a member of the justicialist party and worked as the provisional president of the argentine senate .
the alco rs - 3 has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . it was built by the american locomotive company .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the antares rocket is comparable to the delta ii rocket which was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and english is spoken there .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia , where native americans are an ethnic group .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was succeeded by oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 .
sbct is the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the architect of adare manor is philip mc manus and the building was completed in 1862 .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 cm tall . he plays for the scotland national under 21 football team and crewe alexandra fc .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch . audi e - tron is a division of audi which has lamborghini as a subsidiary .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in the four world trade center .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast . the institute was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation and the arabian sea .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the national assembly .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
akron , summit county , ohio is located within the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
madrid is in spain .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 6 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc .
the alfa romeo 164 is a related means of transport to the alfa romeo 164 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was the governor of connecticut .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor , who was born in bloomsbury in ireland , where the palace of westminster was the architect of the palace of westminster .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce can be found .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . english is spoken in great britain and native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish – soviet war .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 . he is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
alan bean is a united states national .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
abradab , from katowice , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . it was built by the american locomotive company .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the euro is the currency .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler from the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and began his career on january 21st 1947 . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge and he served in the grenadier guards .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who succeeded abdul rahman ya &apos; kub .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
elliot see died in st . louis in 1966 - 02 - 28 .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
alvah sabin began his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . agnes ward white was married to william m o dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
the comic character bolt , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohkin and gary cohn .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the runway length is 3800 . 0 and 159 metres above sea level .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids . it has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is the sequel to the grantville gazette ii . it was preceded by the grantville gazette ii and the grantville gazette ii .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
barny cakes have 30 . 0g of size .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and its dean is mario botta . switzerland &apos; s leader is the federal chancellor .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of poales and commelinids .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
the paperback book aenir was written by garth nix and has 233 pages and was produced in paperback .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work for a glastonbury romance .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion . funk is a derivative of jazz which has its stylistic origins in the blues and afrobeat .
lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport which is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
awh engineering college is located in kerala which is southeast of mahe , india . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvárosi tc .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio . it has front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , began his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family apiaceae .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the launch site of the antares rocket was the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and her musical genre is pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
meride is the neighboring municipality of mendrisio .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and can be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon muffin .
elliot see died in st . louis .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . it has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
canada , which is led by elizabeth ii and has the inuktitut as its national anthem , is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by p &amp; o . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
the antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is a leader .
houston is the largest city in texas where spanish is spoken and arlington is located . tarrant county is part of tarrant county , texas , where the county seat is fort worth .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
the acharya institute of technology was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway length is 3500 . 0 .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington dc and a severed wasp originates from .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is to the west of adams county , pennsylvania which has carroll county maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southeast .
lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . malik muhamada is the leader of pakistan and the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . the airport &apos; s icao location identifier is kabi and it is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and the runway name is 17 l / 35 r .
alfred garth jones was born in england , uk and died in london .
bionico , a food found in the guadalajara region of mexico , contains raisins .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
afc blackpool &apos; s ground is in blackpool .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the leader of the united states is called the president and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of gettysburg i . they have 1500 members and are chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , who play in the a epsth 2nd group .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
the antares rocket is manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on the 28th october 2014 and its final flight was on the 28th october 2014 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
lettuce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich .
the language of indonesia is indonesian .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor , who was born in bloomsbury in ireland , where the palace of westminster was the architect of the palace of westminster .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to warner music group .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
alan shepard was born on 18 november 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome and pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the same dish .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau , derbyshire .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly , california .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the lccn number of 60040714 . its issn number is 0567 - 7920 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
sbct is the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero in brasilia .
cornell university , which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the dutch language is spoken and the leader is philippe of belgium .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
acta mathematica hungarica , or acta math . hungar . , comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of the u . s .
aaron turner is a singer in the bands isis and sumac . he performs electroacoustic music .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who is in the real zaragoza club and plays for chelsea f . c .
john wiley &amp; sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of the journal addiction , which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for stockport county f . c .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located .
andra is a singer associated with puya and the singer puya .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
a wizard of mars was written in english and originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
agnes ward white was the wife of albert b . white , who started his career on march 4th 1905 and ended his career on march 4th 1905 .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero in brasilia .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 post graduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the president is b . m . reddy .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
1097 vicia ( formerly &quot; 1928 pc &quot; ) has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is shanachie records .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and the french national , rené goscinny .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to warner music group .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and owned by afc ajax n . v .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and is now retired .
aek athens f . c . played the 2014 - 15 season in the football league greece .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and is 185 . 42 cm tall . he plays for the scotland national under 21 football team and crewe alexandra fc .
alan bean , now retired , was born on mar 15 , 1932 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the rosids and the rutaceae family .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
alvah sabin began his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and is classed as a mid - size car .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
adam holloway was born in kent and studied at magdalene college cambridge . he fought in the gulf war and began his career on 5th may 2005 .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school is led by lars løkke rasmussen and its dean is thomas pallesen .
the ground of a . c . lumezzane is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and he has played for vicenza calcio . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth team and also for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom which is led by elizabeth ii .
the aid astella made its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee . he later played for the new england patriots .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in illinois .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kub .
english is spoken in canada .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes come from france .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with andreea bălan and andreea bălan .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom which is led by elizabeth ii .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the association of public and land - grant universities .
the antares rocket , manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office , is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in brazil and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league . the ground of this league is called estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
jazz musician alison o &apos; donnell is signed with stanyan records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . its main ingredients are bread , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon barm , or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , piece &apos; n bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau , derbyshire .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 kelvins .
denmark demonym is danes .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
afc blackpool &apos; s ground is in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany , where the leader is stanislaw tillich .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
polydor records is located in london .
a . s . livorno calcio ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and its ground is in livorno , italy .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and sandesh ( confectionery ) .
michigan is in the united states .
aleksandra kovac &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
arem - arem is a dish found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
akeem priestley &apos; s club is connecticut huskies .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of the siomay dish . batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth club and he also played for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is a traditional italian sauce from lazio .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
elliot see died in 1966 - 02 - 28 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas , united states . the largest city in texas is fort worth and the state capital is austin .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
scott adsit stars in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was born in windsor , connecticut . he started his career in 1966 and was a member of the wildweeds .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property , is in pennsylvania , united states .
alan frew &apos; s musical genre is rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . taro aso is the leader of japan and chinese people are an ethnic group there .
slavey is a language spoken in canada .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud lives in sarawak and was succeeded by adenan satem .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he retired on september 1st , 1969 with frank borman as a backup pilot .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , studied at the technical institute kaduna , worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen and has a magistrate as its government .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanaceae . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the book aenir was written in english and followed by garth nix .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot and is now retired .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza in argentina . he was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 . it has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , played for the italian national under 17 football team , is connected to uc sampdoria .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literary literary . it has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area &apos; b &apos; and is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 14 operated apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein was a senator .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it was 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
the a - rosa luna is owned by rolls - royce holdings and is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
aarhus airport is 25 metres above sea level and operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and the runway name is 10 l / 28 r .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and died in gottingen .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler from the united states .
andra is a singer associated with puya and the singer puya .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where the people are known as finns and juha sipila is a leader .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by boris johnson and the european parliament .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was the governor of connecticut .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he is now retired .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubbio .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . his musical genre is candombe and his recording label is rca records .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with hector numa moraes .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken . rome is the capital of italy .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia . atlanta covers an area of 344 . 9 square kilometres and has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area code of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures leads austria where austrian german is spoken .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of montevideo is the politician daniel martinez .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is located in brasilia and is 911 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1800 . 0 and is operated by infraero .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school is led by lars løkke rasmussen and its dean is thomas pallesen .
the musical genre of agustin barboza is guarania .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 post graduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the president is b . m . reddy .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and manages a . s . roma .
binignit is a dessert from the region of mindanao , philippines . it includes sweet potatoes .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs which has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
arros negre comes from the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of monarch , felipe gonzalez , whose predecessor was francisco franco .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where americans live and where the leader is called the president . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and is attached to the club u . s castrovillari calcio .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with andreea bălan and andreea bălan .
andrew rayel plays trance music and is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and john digweed .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
rhythm and blues musician albennie jones was active in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
addis ababa city hall , with a floor area of 140000 square metres , was started in 1961 and was completed in 1964 . its current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soya sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is to the north of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southeast .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener &apos; s bones .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and performs milonga music .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g p prabhukumar .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
acoustic musician alex day started performing in 2006 and plays with chameleon circuit . he is associated with the musical artist , charlie mc donnell .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish can be found in the philippines .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an area of 166 metres above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and lars lokke rasmussen led by lars lokke rasmussen .
aek athens f . c . , with 69618 members , played in the superleague greece in the 2014 season .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was founded in schenectady , new york .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona , which has 39371 members .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
bionico is a dessert from mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
county limerick is part of munster .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for stockport county f . c .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was in office while juan peron was president and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
american test pilot alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of wilderness , which was part of the american civil war conflict . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the parliament of the united kingdom is led by the labour party .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo . atiku abubakar was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who is in the real zaragoza club and plays for chelsea f . c .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , county limerick city and county council is located in limerick .
awh engineering college is located in kerala which is southeast of mahe , india . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the president .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed .
ernie colon and gary cohn created the comic character bolt .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
barny cakes have 30 . 0g of size .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar , who plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and english is spoken there .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and chelsea fc .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
awh engineering college is located in kerala which is southeast of mahe , india . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the atatürk monument is located in i ̇ zmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled in the uk .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada in 1989 .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of aaron turner , who played with the band twilight .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the association of public and land - grant universities .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures leads austria where austrian german is spoken .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which includes bread .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
asam pedas is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . malaysia &apos; s capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups there .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company located in coventry .
the novel castle is written in english .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
indian people are from india .
