abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
06 / 24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport &apos; s runway length is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch is the language spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carrol county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is lambien .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture style .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference .
asilomar conference grounds is a architecture and arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
críona ní dhálaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people live in india .
julia morgan was the architect of the los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new netherland is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print form .
aids ( journal ) is published in the uk .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
above the veil is available in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics belongs to the academic discipline of mathematics .
the english language is spoken in the country of ireland .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is notable for his work as a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera división league .
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is &quot; association football club blackpool &quot; .
a . f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . &apos; s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played the 2014 - 15 season in greece .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
akron summit assault &apos; s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is found in the umbria region .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stöger plays for 1 . fc köln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
kerala has to its northwest mahé india .
mendrisio is located in the neighboring municipality of meride in the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas aarhusiensis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was a member of apollo 11 &apos; s crew .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the california gemstone benitoite is the largest city in the united states , and the largest city in the world .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
kevin eastman is the creator of april o &apos; neil .
bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
ben urich &apos; s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski &apos; s full name is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is an american .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
antioch , california has the area code 925 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
dunwoody is the largest city in de kalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arròs negre .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have 30 . 0 g of carbs .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from the region of indonesia .
bhaji and bajji is the alternative name for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico comes from the region of jalisco .
the chicken class is a class of bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is a language spoken in new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio , united states .
salem is the capital of oregon which is the location of albany .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where the leader is called the united states house of representatives .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of the united states where the leader is the united states house of representatives .
anaheim is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has an elevation of 75 . 0 square kilometres and a total area of 75 . 0 .
arlington , texas has an elevation of 258 . 0 square kilometres and an elevation of 104 . 0 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is located within the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the country is washington d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . albany , oregon .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . amarillo .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the country is home to the ethnic group of albuquerque , new mexico .
albany is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn is located .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the english language is spoken .
the leader of the united states is known as the president and the country is albuquerque , new mexico .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce , asam pedas is a dish from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of club sandwich and the club sandwich .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which also includes bacon .
bacon sandwiches , which includes bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variant of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from the country of indonesia .
celery is an ingredient of bakso which is a member of the apiplatefamily .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji come from india where the people live .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines and one of the main ingredients is banana .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also contains banana .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is a food found .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a type of dessert , as is cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
aarhus lufthavn a / s operates aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the first runway is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 long and the 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has the runway name 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is located in brasilia and is operated by infraero .
1 . fc magdeburg played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season and has 27250 members .
a . c . chievo verona , italy , has 39371 members and their ground is in verona .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , which has 5300 members .
livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is in livorno .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa plays for juventus fc and manages acf fiorentina .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . is the full name of acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst , where jong ajax is a tenant .
azal pfk play their home matches at shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the umbria region .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
aip advances , abbreviated to aip adv , has the issn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was followed by &quot; weymouth sands &quot; written by john cowper powys .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and is available in print &amp; paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp originates from the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business media and published by springer science + business media .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and is a fantasy dish .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an oclc number of 78771100 and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener &apos; s bones and was written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there are many asian americans .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
peter laird is an american who created the character of april o &apos; neil .
bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc , starred jill shilling .
bananaman , broadcasted by stv , starred graeme garden .
born in derbyshire , tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
scott adsit starred in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski , whose full name is bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean , now retired , was born on march 15 , 1932 .
alan shepard is deceased and served as a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of apollo 8 &apos; s crew .
william anders is now retired and graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building , which is located in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
the company populous were the architects of the 3 arena which is located in dublin .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival style of tudor revival .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and it has the tudor revival architectural style .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located at nakadori .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , ahmedabad .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in munster , county limerick .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , is a united states national .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin , a us national , was selected by nasa in 1963 and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and joined nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin where francis g slay is the leader . he died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis on february 28th , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , where the purple finch spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print form and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf . is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university . he is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number 49805501 - 3 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . univ . hambg ) has the issn number 32024459 and the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which was followed by above the veil .
above the veil is 248 pages long and was written by garth nix .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) , abbreviated to addiction , comes under the academic discipline of addiction , issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley &amp; sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of the addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , in new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of sage publications which is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig . he is part of the sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and has been at the club asd . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . the current chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is qarabis milionis .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is &quot; association football club blackpool &quot; and has 1500 members .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton f . c . halton and chesterfield fc .
afc fylde &apos; s manager is dave challinor who plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay fc .
livorno , italy is the location of a . s . livorno calcio . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who are in the serie b league . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid fc .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece where olympiacos f . c . were past champions .
aek athens f . c . manager gus poyet is in the real zaragoza club and has played for chelsea fc .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . club .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
john madin was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
320 south boston building , designed by george winkler , has 22 floors and is located in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark and has 23 floors .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by the architects 3 xn and was designed by the architectural firm 3 xn .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick is the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mc manus .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and is located in the tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the currency of sri lanka where adisham hall is located and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
alan b miller hall , located in the united states , began on 30 march 2007 and the mason school of business are the current tenants of the mason school of business .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art musuem .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan , who was born in california and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the liberal democrats are leaders .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad where anandiben patel is the leader .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in bethesda , maryland .
albany is located in dougherty county , georgia in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490 .
alpharetta is located in fulton county , georgia , united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
alpharetta , georgia is located within the united states where there are many asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is located within the united states where there are many asian americans and the capital city is washington d . c .
anaheim , california has the area codes 657 and has a utc offset of - 7 , anaheim , california .
anaheim , california is part of the california state senate and the california state senate is the location of anaheim , california .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . anderson is part of madison county .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
antioch is part of san francisco county in california , united states , where the leader is called the san francisco bay area . the country is the location of antioch , ca .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states , and the seat of tarrant county .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
atlanta has an area density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 404 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states , is the largest city in the united states and the largest city is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states , is the largest city in atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of washington , d . c . and is the location of auburn , united states .
washington is part of the united states , where the capital is olympia and auburn is located .
atlanta is part of dougherty county in georgia , united states . the capital of georgia is atlanta and the state is atlanta .
madison county is the largest city in madison county , indiana , united states where anderson is the largest city .
the capital of new jersey is trenton , new jersey , united states .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is the largest city and the largest city is houston .
the capital of indiana is washington , d . c . attica is part of fountain county , indiana , united states .
the capital of indiana is washington d . c . fountain county , indiana , united states .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
akron , summit county , ohio , united states includes many asian americans .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is a part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the country is home to the ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in georgia in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the country is the origin of the united states .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who deploy the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle and deploy the aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 877 . 0 and the 1st runway is made from poaceae .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which has its headquarters in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r which is 2900 long .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the demonym is tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which serves the city of new york and new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid , which is lead by ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is the peoples &apos; s party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carrol county to its southeast .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and its name is turk güner .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan where the national assembly is the legislature and the leader is artur rasizade .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the family of solanaceae .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and it includes tomatoes .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia and malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
ayam penyet comes from the region of malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
lettuce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich and a club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich and a club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
manual valls and manual valls are leaders in france where baked alaska comes from .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are types of dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . it includes ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from the country of indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine and is found in the paisa region .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine and is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
barny cakes come from france where manual valls and claude bartolone are leaders .
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef are main ingredients in batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy comes from the philippines and includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
tony tan and tony tan are leaders in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is a leader .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course and cookies are types of dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which should be served as a dessert course and cookies are types of dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as a dessert course and cookies are types of dessert .
binignit includes sweet potato ( of the order solanales ) and banana .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from mexico .
bionico , which contains raisins , comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital is rome .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy comes from .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where english is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore .
the tomato belongs to the solanales order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , romane ! and the germans of romania are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in brussels was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny , who is french .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15th april 1986 .
walt disney studios motion pictures starred scott adsit and first appeared in the film big hero 6 in the film big hero 6 .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit and the distributor of walt disney studios motion pictures .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . the distributor of the film is walt disney studios motion pictures .
the comic book character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
dan mishkin and gary cohn created the comic book character bolt which has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row , located in birmingham , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town and one of the ethnic groups is asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , which is governed by the cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
live nation entertainment own 3 arena in dublin which is part of leinster in the republic of ireland .
3 xn is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b miller hall which was completed on june 1st , 2009 and is located in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan . cyrus vance jr is one of the leaders of manhattan and brooklyn is one of the leaders of manhattan .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the postcode area is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the postcode area &apos; b &apos; and is lead by labour party ( uk ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where anandiben patel is a leader and sumitra mahajan is a leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the capital is london and 20 fenchurch street is located .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader and the english language is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 in pennsylvania , united states and is categorised as a contributing property .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the capital is baku . the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan which is lead by prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its name is turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the nearest city is frederick , maryland and the nearest city is frederick , maryland .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument ( izmir ) in turkey which was inaugurated on 27th july 1932 . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey .
albany is located in the united states , where the english language is spoken and the native americans are an ethnic group . albany is located in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 505 . 575 square kilometres and a total area of 490 . 2 square kilometres , of which 490 .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states and is the seat of fulton county , georgia . fulton county is the seat of alpharetta .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group and amarillo is the capital .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and the state of texas .
anaheim , california is part of the california state assembly and the spanish language is spoken there . anaheim is a part of the california state assembly and the leader of california .
anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometres and is part of the town of anderson , indiana . the population density of the city is 107 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , is located 267 .
angola , indiana , in the u . s . , is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the total area of angola is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has the utc offset of 925 . the population codes of 102372 , antioch , california , and a total area of 75 . 0 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is mayors .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the asian americans are an ethnic group in auburn , alabama .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , d . c . pierce county , washington , d . c . is the capital of washington , d . c .
washington d . c . is the capital of washington , d . c . auburn , washington , d . c . is the location of auburn , united states .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is houston and the largest city is houston . the largest city in texas is san marcos .
the california state assembly is the leader of california which is lead by the california state assembly and is the location of the california state capitol .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . the u . s . state of georgia is the seat of fulton county and the state of georgia .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is lafayette , madison county , indiana .
houston is the largest city in texas , united states , where english is the largest city and the largest city is houston .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is also home to the ethnic group of african american .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is washington d . c .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the title of the leader is president barack obama .
john sánchez albuquerque , new mexico , united states , is the home of the ethnic group of the asian americans and the title of the leader is the new mexico senate .
the capital of oregon is washington d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . the country is home to many asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the u . s .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the united states where the country is home to the ethnic group of albany .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of angola which is part of indiana .
the english language is spoken in angola , which is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states , where there are many asian americans .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and manages ac lumezzane .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . it has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool &apos; s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) . the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where the ground of afc blackpool is located . the club is located in blackpool where afc blackpool is located .
association football club fylde , full name &quot; association football club fylde &quot; , competed in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is &quot; association football club fylde &quot; . they competed in the 2014 season and have 3180 members .
paulo sousa manages the acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc . he also plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and owned by afc ajax n . v .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is &quot; amsterdamsche football club ajax &quot; . their nickname is joden godenzonen &quot; and they have 5000 members .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and manages az alkmaair . he plays for the netherlands national football team and manages az alkmaair .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , which is located in alagoas mata fonseca .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
akron summit assault &apos; s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy where the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
peter stöger is manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for fc admira wacker mödling . he also plays for sk vorwärts steyr and fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of abilene , texas . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and is 507 metres above sea level . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway length of 3500 . 0 and a runway name 18 l / 36 r .
agr is the ata location identifier for agra airport which is located in india and is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore , is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan and it is 2014 . 0 long .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government . it is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport , which serves the city of athens , is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states where don guardian is the leader .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states where stephen dilts is the leader .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where charles michel is the leader and german is spoken .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken and antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq where they speak kurdish .
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . punjab is led by malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which broadcast bananaman which is located in broadcasting house in london and produces bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and the american , duncan rouleau .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon who is a puerto rican national .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al and has 512 pages . it was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams &amp; wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 - 3 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain and is published in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where the english language is spoken and there are many asian americans .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages . it was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in paperback and has 233 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics which was first published by johns hopkins university in 1878 .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states where there is many asian americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the english language is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he spent 100305 minutes in space and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr , who was born in edwin eugene aldrin , has won 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot and selected by nasa in 1963 as a member of apollo 8 &apos; s crew .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and the national anthem is desșteaptă - te , romane ! .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group and the leaders are the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malays are an ethnic group in sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients include bread and bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert , which comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked alaska , which comes from paris , new york , usa and hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked alaska which comes from france , the united states or china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska which comes from the united states and hong kong .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves and originates from the derbyshire dales region .
tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are main ingredients in bakso which is popular all over indonesia and southeastern asian countries .
bakso comes from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , arepa , fried egg , arepa , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( arepa ) , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , fried egg , plantain ( arepa ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( arepa ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders include gérard larcher and françois hollande .
shiitake is an ingredient of the siomay dish , which comes from the country of indonesia . batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
batchoy comes from la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a type of soup from the philippines and includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and standard chinese is spoken in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef tender loin , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes sago and sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order solanales and is an ingredient of binignit .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it includes sago and coconut milk .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico . it includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and bionico is a dessert .
bakso , which contains tapioca , comes from the country of indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where the baduy are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is a popular dish from singapore and java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the ilocano people and zamboangans .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and ethnic groups include zamboangans and igorot .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines where philippine english is spoken and one of the languages spoken is binignit .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
virginia de marce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazette ii . the grantville gazette preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is written in english .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett and the university is affiliated with the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group and the english language is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the english language is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
the novel into battle was preceded by the violet keystone and into battle . it was preceded by into battle and followed by into battle .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and there is many asian americans . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the english language is spoken in great britain .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . is lead by barack obama and includes many asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president . the english language is spoken in great britain and there are many asian americans .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albany which is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the largest city is atlanta is atlanta . the largest city in georgia is atlanta , united states .
amarillo is located in the united states , which is part of potter county , texas . the capital of texas is washington d . c . english is spoken in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas and the capital city is austin .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken in texas is english .
anderson is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . it is part of the fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson is part of the madison county , indiana , united states and is part of madison county , indiana .
the country of california is lead by the san francisco assembly and is lead by the english assembly and is also spoken in contra costa county , california . the country is the location of the 11th mississippi state .
atlanta has an area of 404 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 404 . 0 ( square kilometres ) , of which 404 inhabitants per square kilometre .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and is part of the state of indiana . the population density of this county is 4 . 14 . 0 ( square kilometres ) , and is located in the united states . the population density of this county is 1 . 14 .
the capital of alabama is washington d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states . auburn is located within the united states where auburn is located .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . the population density of auburn is 914 . 0 ( square kilometres ) , is king county ) , and has a total area of 914 .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where english is spoken and the largest city is austin . the largest city in texas is rock and the largest city is williamson .
austin is part of hays county , texas . houston is the largest city in texas and the largest city is houston . english is the largest city in texas and the largest city in texas .
austin is part of hays county , texas . houston is the largest city in texas and the largest city is houston . spanish is spoken in texas and the largest city is hays county .
indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken in indiana is english .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is houston and the largest city is houston . the largest city in texas is houston and the largest city is houston .
tarrant county is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the largest city is arlington .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and white americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the largest city is washington d . c .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the dish of albany .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and there are many asian americans . it is also where there are many asian americans .
the english language is spoken in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american and angola is located .
auburn , alabama , united states is home to native americans and the capital of washington d . c . are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . and the native americans are an ethnic group there .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the native americans are an ethnic group in alabama , where auburn is part of lee county and is the seat of opeka .
the capital of new jersey is newark and the largest city is newark . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the united states where the country is lead by the president barack obama .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of angola which is part of steuben county .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of akron , summit county , ohio .
the leader of the united states is known as the president and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is the location of the country which is home to the ethnic group of african american .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . carrol county , maryland is to the southeast and frederick county maryland to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the national assembly is the leader of azerbaijan .
turkey &apos; s capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoğlu and the largest city is istanbul . the ataturk monument is located in turkey .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 post - graduate students and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 post - graduate students and its president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the ganges is a river in india and the largest city is mumbai .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . it is affiliated with the european university association in brussels .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio . he also plays for vicenza calcio and now plays for vicenza calcio .
stuart parker is a member of the chesterfield f . c . club and now plays for stockport county fc . the leader of blackpool is the labour party ( uk ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader . the italian language is spoken in italy , where the ground is located . s . robur siena is located .
aek athens f . c . &apos; s ground is the olympic stadium ( located in marousi ) . the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader , italian is the language spoken and the capital city is rome .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome , the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella .
arem arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysian chinese and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups from malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia and the capital is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia , where malaysian indian and malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and english is the language spoken there .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients include bread and a condiment , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska comes from france where french is spoken and the leaders include manual valls and gérard larcher .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of colombia and is part of the order rosids lemon and belongs to the rutaceae family .
françois hollande and gérard larcher are leaders of france , where the french language is spoken and barny cakes come from .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . siomay and shiitake are ingredients in siomay .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . the dish contains shiitake and shumai are variations of the same dish .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india . gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where the leader is vajubhai vala and the people are known as indians .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur are leaders .
sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are ingredients in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where they speak spanish and bionico is a dessert . honey can be added to bionico .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and honey can be added to bionico .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . the capital of italy is rome and its leaders include matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the spoken language is italian . matteo renzi is a leader in italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
ayam penyet is a popular dish found nationwide in java and also in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where english is spoken and english is spoken . ayam penyet is a popular dish from singapore .
batchoy comes from the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and arabic is spoken . ethnic groups in the philippines include zamboangans and chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where spanish is spoken and susana diaz is the leader .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is the leader , felipe vi of spain is the name for spaniards .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot and is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of apollo 8 &apos; s crew . he was a member of apollo 8 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a member of apollo 11 &apos; s crew .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he became a fighter pilot and became a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 and was a member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 and died in california . benitoite was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a fighter pilot . he was a member of apollo 8 &apos; s crew and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and the icao location identifier is oraa . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and the icao location identifier is oraa .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft used by the general dynamics f - 16 globemaster iii ( transport aircraft ) and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 hercules transport aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore , is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3310 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport &apos; s runway name is 18 r / 36 l and it is 2900 long .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located at ícolo e bengo and serves luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05 l / 23 r which is 3800 long .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where greek is spoken .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where greek is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states , where don guardian is the leader and is served by atlantic city international airport .
philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders in belgium where the capital city is brussels and the city of antwerp is served by antwerp international airport .
atlantic city international airport has the icao location identifier kacy and is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york which is part of harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter operates the airport .
the hal light combat helicopter is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand where agra airport is located . the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq , where the leader is haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders .
200 public square , cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , was completed in 1985 .
construction of 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , began in january 2014 . it has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader and the capital is springfield .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . ac hotel bella sky is located in copenhagen , denmark , where one of the languages spoken is faroese .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . bill marriott is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which was founded in washington dc . greenlandic is the leader of denmark , where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland . the architect of the palace of westminster is one of the significant buildings of the city of bloomsbury and one of the leaders of the republic of ireland is augustus pugin .
addis ababa city hall , which has a height of 140000 . 0 square metres , began in 1964 and completed in 1961 . the current tenants of the government of addis ababa are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art is located at akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and is located at nakadornakadori .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō and there is an ethnic group of chinese people .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the mason school of business is owned by the college of william and mary and the current tenants are the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat &apos; s leaders include sumitra mahajan and gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader and ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader of the eastern provincial council is ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building and the asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings including the riverside art musuem , the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art musuem .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . cyrus vance jr is one of the leaders of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john clancy who was born in birmingham , which has the postcode &apos; b &apos; and is governed by the labour politician john clancy .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and john roberts is a leader . the country &apos; s leader is known as president barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean was born on june 1981 in la vern , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa and retired in june 1981 . alfred worden was the commander of apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and became a member of apollo 11 &apos; s backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal and alan shepard died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and became a member of apollo 8 &apos; s crew . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1 , 1969 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a member of apollo 8 &apos; s crew along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 post - graduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country &apos; s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and the religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country &apos; s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the country &apos; s largest city is mumbai and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group include the germans of romania . the country &apos; s leader is klaus iohannis and its national anthem is desșteaptă - te , romane ! .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . denmark &apos; s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
turkey &apos; s capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey &apos; s leader is ahmet davutoğlu and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
pietro canonica is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27th july 1932 . the monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the ataturk monument is located .
turkey &apos; s capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey &apos; s currency is the turkish lira . turkey &apos; s leader is president ahmet davutoğlu and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students and 600 students . the dean of the accademia is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its director is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . it was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and telangana to its northeast .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group are germans of romania . romania &apos; s leader is klaus iohannis and its national anthem is desșteaptă - te , romane ! .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas løkke rasmussen and there are 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country &apos; s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its government is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it has 16 , 000 students and 16 , 000 students .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he served as a test pilot and is now retired .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean was an american born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . alfred worden was a backup pilot .
edwin e . aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was an american born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a member of apollo 11 &apos; s crew . buzz aldrin is now retired .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and was a member of apollo 8 &apos; s crew . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1 , 1969 . he was a member of apollo 8 &apos; s crew along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award .
aaron s . daggett . battles in the battle of bull run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya kub in office in while vice president tuanku bujang tuanku .
abdul taib mahmud party parti bumiputera sarawak is a malaysian politician of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud &apos;s successor sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the current chief minister of sarawak .
abdulsalpoli abubakar was active to the end of 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalpoli was born in minna .
abdulsalpoli was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal active in the end of 1965 - 01 - 01 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway , who residence of gravesend , is the first person in the united states .
adenan , graduated from the university of adelaide , in 1957 .
adolf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is in office in while he is currently in the prime minister of kaparas .
adonis georgiadis was an austrian politician who worked as minister for development in the competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the airey neave active was started in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave won the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave military rank as a lieutenant colonel in the united states army .
the airey neave service began in 1935 , and in 1935 the airport was opened .
albert b . white party is the republican party ( united states ) .
albert b . white spouse the agnes ward of white .
albert jennings fountain and military branch of the union army during the american civil war .
alberto teisaire is an american .
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral in argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales active in the years of the start date of 1875 - 04 - 04 .
alfred moore scales in the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
the mayor of phillips , connecticut is alfred n . phillips who worked at the university of stamford , connecticut .
the allan shivers active in recent years began on 1947 - 01 - 21 .
the allan shivers military branch of the united states army is a major general in the united states .
allan shivers , as its successor , price daniel daniel , is a former american politician .
the alvah sabin active was started in 1853 - 03 - 04 .
the alvah sabin party is the whig party ( united states ) .
the american civil war commander was robert e . lee .
german is the language spoken in austria .
robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of antietam .
the battle of cold harbor is part of the military conflict of american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
gulf war commander colin powell served as the commander of the united states air force during world war ii .
john f . kennedy &apos; s predecessor is dwight d eisenhower .
josef klaus attended the university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain &apos; s predecessor is francisco franco .
juan perón is the labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
the united states army fought battles in the spanish – american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name of the dodge is dodge coronet .
the dodge engine is 230 inches long .
a - rosa luna christening date on july 11th , 2005 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aid aluna was operated by aida cruises .
aid astella was christening in 2013 - 03 - 16 .
aid astella was completed in 2013 .
aid astella maiden voyage in 2013 .
aid astella is the operator of aida cruises .
alv x x was the launch site of mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo v was sold to the netherlands in april 1948 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé , straight , and straight engine .
the acura tlx engine , honda k engine , and honda &apos;s lx engine .
acura tlx layout awd is a vehicle .
acura tlx is related to mean the honda accord .
the acura tlx transmission is 9 – 9 speed zf 9 hp .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly is the first state to arese the alfa romeo 164 .
alfa romeo 164 is related to mean the alfa romeo transportation car .
the alfa romeo 164 transmission is 4 - speed automatic zf 4 hp18 qe .
alhambra builder samuda brothers , and alhambra .
the alhambra ship is beam 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is a city in the autonomous community of madrid , spain , with its capital being wrecked .
alhambra is the top speed of alhambra .
the alvis speed engine was designed to straight six engine , with a straight six engine .
the alvis speed model began in 1937 with the first year in 1937 , the company changed its name to alvis speed .
the american submarine nr was the first ship in the united states navy after the draft of 4 . 6 m .
antares rocket final was the final flight of the 2014 - 10 - 28 .
antares regional spaceport is the launch site of the antares regional spaceport which has been used to launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
the ariane 5 launch site is the guiana space centre at the centre national d &apos;études spatiales .
ariane 5 maiden flight in 2005 - 08 - 11 .
the aston martin v8 is the body of the aston martin v8 .
the aston martin v8 manufacturer is aston martin .
aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin is an automobile manufacturer of the aston martin multinational manufacturer aston martin .
atlas ii final flight in 1998 - 03 - 16 .
atlas ii was the site of the vandenberg air force air force base .
audi was founded on august 29 , 2007 by the german company audi ag .
the audi a1 assembly is the audi a1 in brussels .
audi a1 is related to mean the transportation seat of ibiza .
caterpillar inc is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the de soto custom is related to the mean of transportation .
fiat croma is related to mean the transportation alfa romeo 164 and 164 .
the people of germany are called germans .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of the guiana space centre are in kourou , french .
honda k engine is a multinational manufacturer that manufacturer honda .
the united states anthem is the star of the same spangled by banner .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a . c . milan &apos; s chairman is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernández plays for uruguay national football team .
abel hernández plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher played for the netherlands national football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad club of iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent former team atlanta falcons is the first nfl team in the american football league .
akeem priestley club , connecticut huskies and priestley .
al - khor sports club is in the qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc position in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra club sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for the scotland national football team .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov jr . is a member of the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr is a height of 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov jr is a member of the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
aleksandr prudnikov is a russian professional football club based in aleksandr perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli club fc samtcs1-lock-a is a russian professional football club based in samtpoli , netherlands .
aleksandre guruli club , georgia national football team , is a professional football team based in georgia .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli youthclub is a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus league is an israeli professional basketball club .
atlanta is home to the atlanta falcons .
don sweeney is the manager of boston bruins .
budapest is located in the country of hungary .
the english language is spoken in canada .
slavey is the language of canada .
columbus blue jackets is a city in columbus , ohio .
fc karpaty , lviv , manager of the oleh luzhny , is a russian football club from the city of karpaty .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
ferencvárosi tc is the chairman of the gáerson kubatov .
finnish is the language spoken in finland .
the italy national under the italian national under 16 football team as an assistant coach , daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf .
motherwell f . c . ground is fir park .
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean - michel .
st . louis . rams are in st . louis .
tennessee titans are found in tennessee , tennessee .
aaron bertram was active in the early years of the band &apos;s start in 1998 .
aaron deer is associated with the musical artist of the horns of happiness .
aaron deer was an american record label , kill , and rock stars .
aaron turner , a genre of avant garde metal , is an american record label that originated in the united states in the 1970s .
aaron turner , a genre of progressive black metal , is a genre of rock music that originated in the late 1970s and early 1970s .
abradab is an american singer and songwriter , best known for his career as a solo singer .
abradab was born on 1978 - 12 - 12 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab genre hip hop music is a genre of hip hop music that originated in the late 1970s and early 1970s .
agustín barboza is a genre of guarania .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is a genre of rock music that originated in the united states in the 1980s .
albennie jones associated with the musical artist sammy price .
aleksandra kovač is an american solo singer and songwriter , best known as aleksandra kovač .
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovač is an american rhythm and blues singer and blues singer .
aleksandra kovač genre is an american music producer , songwriter , and songwriter .
alex day the genre is a genre of popular music that synthpop music and rock music .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist héctor numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is an american record label , record label and rca records .
the alison of o &apos; donnell active began in 1963 with the next year .
alison o &apos; donnell genre is a music genre of popular music that consists of jazz , jazz , jazz , jazz , and country music .
alison o &apos; donnell instrument , voice for bodhrán , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest was born in 1981 - 02 - 04 .
allen forrest the genre of pop music in the 1970s and early 1980s .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders and osborne are associated with the musical artist johnny sansone .
anders and osborne as a genre of rhythm and blues and blues .
anders and osborne record label alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues singer .
andrew rayel was active in the early years of world war ii , when he began his first year in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chișinău .
andrew white , a musician , is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist marry banry .
andrew white is the record label b - unique records .
asunción is part of gran asunción .
christian burns is an american singer , songwriter , songwriter , and songwriter .
hip hop music is a music genre that is popular in the music subgenre of gangsta rap .
hip hop music is a music genre that styerson origin funk music that originated in the united states in the 1970s and early 1980s .
indie rock styerson origin to new wave music is a genre of rock music that originated in the united states in the 1970s and early 1950s .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
rca records is an american record label that distributing company sony music entertainment .
rock and roll is a music genre of american rock and roll that stypoli the origin of blues and blues .
synthpop is a music genre that stypoli the origin of pop music .
british people live in the uk .
2 . 0 ( gram per ) has a total area of 1994 vk8 . 0 ( gram per ) .
1950 da discoverer carl a . wirtanen is the daughter of a .
in 2009 , the fd absolute magnitude of 22 .
in 2009 , the fd apoapsis 259776702 . 47055 is the fd of the apoapsis 259797702 .
in 1998 ro1 , the apoapsis 25498570 , is 6063 .
in 1998 , ro1 epoch was the 6063 .
1000 piazzia escape velocity , 0 0252 kilometre .
1001 gaussia former name , oaaa907 xc , is the name of the auxc .
1001 , gaussia maximum , is a dish that can be served as kelvins .
101 helena apoapsis 441092000 is the site of the 101 helena .
101 helena epoch in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
101 helena mass is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
1036 . 86 ( kilometre ) is an average of 1036 .
103 hera is in magnitude 7 . 66 .
103 hera mass is 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
107 camilla absolute in magnitude 7 .
in 107 , camilla discoverer a . storrs is the name of a .
1089 tama former name a894 va a904 is an indian former professional football player .
in 1089 , the orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
in 1097 , vicia has a average of 17 . 92 . 92 kilometre .
in 1097 , vicia epoch in 2006 , he was appointed to the club .
in 1097 , vicia rotation period 95040 . 0 .
in 109 felicitas , discoverer , christian heinrich , friedrich , peters , and peters .
in 109 , felicitas periapsis 283326000000000 .
10 , hygiea average speed , is 16 . 76 seconds .
in 1101 , clematis periapsis , 445895000000 , 0 .
110 lydia epoch in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the claudiomaccone temperature is 173 . 0 kelvins .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s daggett has won the purple heart of aaron gett . daggett . s . daggett .
aaron s daggett , who won the purple heart of the battle of gettysburg , is the location of the aaron s . daggett .
abdul rahman ya kub has the deputy deputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud as its successor , abdul rahman ya kuet .
born in the uk , abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is the birthplace of sarawak .
abdulsalante was born in minna abdulsalami abubakar graduated from the technical institute of technology in kaduna , kaduna .
abdulsalante , who was born in niger state , worked as chief of defence staff , has worked as chief of defence staff .
abdulsalante abubakar office was worked as chief of the defence staff and abdulsalú abubakar .
abdulsaljo abubakar &apos;s successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalú was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsaljo abubakar , as its successor , olusegun obasanjo abdulsalison , abubakar , in office while vice president mike akhigakhigakhigakhigakhigakhig.
abner w sibal battles in world war ii , commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w sibal military branch of the united states army fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college in cambridge , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent and his residence is gravesend adam holloway .
adam koc , who won the virtuti award for best places for world war i adam koc .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , adonis georgiadis worked as a deputy spokesman .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece adonis .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece , where he worked as a deputy adonis georgiadis .
agnes kant , who was born in hessisch oldendorf agnes kant office , worked as a member of the parliamentary group .
airey neave won the military cross airey neave unit of royal artillery .
airey neave of france began on the 1st of august 1974 .
airey neave of france &apos; s battle of france was the commander of the hugo sperrle .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , a world war ii .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , is one of the world war ii commander franklin franklin d . roosevelt .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , during world war ii , was commander joseph stalin .
albert b . white was born in 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white profession was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert jennings fountain was born in doña ana , new york city and albert jennings .
albert jennings fountain in office at the vice president of edmund j . davis was albert jennings and his death in new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city , united states .
alberto teisaire office is worked as a teisaire , argentina . he has worked as a successor to the isaac rojas rojas .
alfons was born in austria and was the birthplace of alfons gorbach .
alfons born in austria are the birthplace of alfons gorbach , who was born in tyrol .
alfred moore , who worked for the british politician of north carolina , is the successor of the governor of north carolina .
alfred moore scales , a successor of daniel gould , daniel gould , daniel gould , and daniel gould , who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut , united states and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips military branch was a united states army fought in the american civil war .
allan shivers was one of the world war ii commander joseph stalin , who fought in world war ii .
allan shivers was born in the state of texas . he worked as a member of the state senate and has worked as a member of the state senate .
allan shivers , who worked for the port of allan , is a member of the state senate and served as a member of the governor of texas .
alvah sabin , who was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 , alvah sabin , vermont , worked as a secretary of the state of vermont .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro agnes .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes kant country .
parkersburg , west virginia , is located in the united states , albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , is the son of aaron boogaard .
abel hernández plays for peñarol and is the manager of the club peñarol .
abel hernández plays for u . s . città di palermo abel hernández and peñarol .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar national under under under the name adam maher .
adam maher played for the netherlands national football team and the netherlands national football team .
ahmad kadhim assad club steel azin f . c . ahmad kadhim is a member of the al shorta club .
akeem adams plays for ferencvárosi tc , ferencvárosi , tc , tc , tc , tc , tc , tc , tc , tc .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team and akeem adams club .
akeem ayers , former team of new england patriots akeem ayers , and draft pick 39 .
akeem ayers , former team of tennessee titans , and the akeem ayers of draft pick 39 .
akeem was born on 27 february 1987 and was dent on the 27th of february 1987 .
akeem priestley club , connecticut huskies akeem priestley , plays for sheikh russel and kc .
akeem priestley club , ro ps akeem , priestley , plays for sheikh russel .
alaa abdul - zahra club , formerly known as al - khor sports club , is an al - khor sports club based in al - khor .
alaa abdul - zahra club , al kharaitim sc , is an iraqi football club based in al kharaitim , netherlands .
alan martin is a member of the sv academical f . c . club and now plays for leeds f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) &apos; s ground is hamilton academical f . c . and he also plays for hamilton academical f . c .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov jr . is a club from florida , aleksander barkov , jr .
aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow is the manager of fc valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov and fc kuban .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and the russian football league .
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv aleksandre guruli club fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba and was born in 1989 .
alex tyus club pallacanestro , born on 1988 - 08 - 08 , is an english professional football club .
alex tyus is in the israeli basketball league and alex tyus club maccabi aviv b . c .
brandon , born in brandon , manitoba , is led by the conservative party of canada and alex plante .
the anthem of canada is called o canada and adam mc quaid was born in canada .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the language is english .
fc dinamo batumi is the manager of fc levan khomeriki aleksandre guruli club fc dinamo batumi .
fc spartak moscow &apos; s ground is otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov .
ro ps in the league veikkausliiga and akeem priestley club ro ps .
the ground of a ground in palo seco seco , is located in the united petrotrin club united f . c .
aaron deer , a genre of psychedelia and aaron deer , was a member of the band &apos;s group of bands .
aaron deer origin in the united states aaron deer , origin of indiana .
aaron turner is associated with musical artist twilight and aaron turner , the genre of electroacoustic music .
aaron turner &apos;s instrument and singing aaron turner is a genre of avant garde metal band .
abradab is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist magik rapper abradab .
abradab was born in katowice on 1978 - 12 .
born in katowice , abradab was the birthplace of abradab .
ace wilder is a genre of hip hop music hip hop music styerson origin and electronic disco .
ace wilder &apos;s record label warner music group ace wilder background is an american singer and songwriter .
agustín barboza , born in paraguay , agustín barboza , is the record label of philips .
alan frew genre is a rock music music that is also found in the 1980s .
alan frew genre rock music is a music genre that originated in the country of the united states in the 1970s and early 1990s in the 1990s with the alternative rock music styerson origin of the country .
albennie jones , a genre of jazz , stycs1-lock-origin , blues , and blues .
aleksandra kovač is a serbian pop music aleksandra kovač , a solo singer and songwriter .
aleksandra kovač , a genre of rhythm and blues , rhythm and blues stypoli , origin of blues , and blues .
aleksandra kovač , a genre of soul music aleksandra kovač active in 1990 , began his first year in 1990 .
alex &apos;s day genre synthpop synthpop styerson origin in new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england and was the birthplace of alfred garth jones .
alfredo zitarrosa &apos;s background solo singer , alfredo zitarrosa , and milonga .
alfredo zitarrosa &apos;s background solo singer , alfredo zitarrosa , and the genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and later alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is a genre of zamba artform , alfredo zitarrosa , singer , songwriter , and songwriter .
alison o &apos; donnell associated with the band / associated with the band / associated with the band &apos;s plastik mak and alison .
alison , o &apos; donnell genre , folk rock , alison o &apos; donnell record label , was an american record label floating world records .
alison o &apos; donnell genre , jazz , alison o &apos; donnell instrument , voice , bodhrán , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest the genre of hip hop music allen forrest a solo singer and songwriter .
the alternative name of the rock music is &quot; christian rock &quot; , which is also known as andrew white .
anders associated with the musical artist phil lesh and friends , osborne and osborne associated with the band and osborne .
anders and osborne , a genre of rhythm and blues and blues and osborne , was a record label of rabadash records .
anders and osborne , a genre of rhythm and blues and blues , and osborne record label , shanachie records .
andra is a singer of the pop music andra singer active in the year 2000 .
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues and blues rhythm and blues stypoli .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with musical artist christian burns andrew rayel , associated with the band and andrew rayel .
andrew rayel associated with the band / associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsoerson andrew rayel and andrew rayel .
andrew rayel associated with the band / associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel .
andrew white is also known as the alternative name of the rock rock styerson origin of new wave music .
the country music instrument banjo al anderson is a nrbq of the country music genre .
polydor records is located in london where andrew white is a musician .
in 1994 , the city of velocity is 0925 . 0 kilometres tall and 0 . it has a total of 636000 square kilometres .
in 2009 , the fd apoapsis 25979776702 . 47055 is the site of the dessert of the dish , which has a total of 41077 . 0 square kilometres .
in 2009 , the fd periapsis 882300000 , is the fd discoverer for the first time .
ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 . 0 ( 6063 ) is 6063 . 0 ( ropoch ) and it has a total of 6063 seconds .
kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 period , is 6391 . 6391 . epoch in 2004 .
kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 period , is 6391 . 6391 . epoch in 2004 .
101 helena discoverer , james craig watson , james craig watson , and death cause peritonitis .
1036 . 0 kilometres from the average speed of 16 . 86 . 86 km from ganymed from apoapsis .
born in 1036 , ganymed on the discoverer of walter baade , it is the birthplace of the german empire .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade is an american .
103 hera discoverer , james craig watson , james craig watson , died in cause , peritonitis .
103 hera discoverer , james craig watson , is an american .
born in nottingham , at 107 . r . pogson is the born in nottingham .
1089 tama epoch in 2005 , 1089 tama former name a919 ha wb .
1089 . 0 kilometres from the city of 1089 , tama apoapsis , and 3735000 .
in 2006 , 1097 vicia epoch in 2006 , he was the vicia periapsis 279142000000 . 0 .
109 . felicas apoapsis 5233000 . 0 kilometres from felicitas , is the site of the river felicitas .
in 109 , felicitas epoch in 2006 , the journal was 109 felicitas periapsis 2828280000000000006 . 0 .
in 109 , felicitas rotation period of 47487 . 6 , felicitas was epoch in 2006 .
10 hygiea apoapsis 51582 . 33968 is the apoapsis of the dessert , which has the 164 . 0 kelvins of kelvins .
10 hygiea former name a900 ga hygiea in 2015 .
110 lydia epoch in 2006 - 12 - 31 , 110 lydia mass is epoch .
110 lydia epoch in 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia orbital period is 142603000 . 0 .
a - rosa luna is the ship of the cruise ship , which has a runway length of 125800 . 0 .
a - rosa luna ship was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 and has a length of 125800 . 0 .
aida cruises is located in germany and is operated by aida cruises .
aida cruises &apos; s location is rostock , operated by aida cruises .
aid aluna is at the top of the 40 744 metres long and has a runway length of 253 . 0 .
aid astella christening was completed in 2013 and has a runway length of 25360 . 0 .
alco rs - 3 builder is a locomotive works of alco and rs 3 power type diesel .
the alv x x diameter is 1 . 524 metres and the alv x x rocket stages .
the amc matador assembly , kenosha , wisconsin , is the amc matador model for the 1974 model years .
the designer of amc matador is richard a . teague richard a . teague .
ara veinticinco de mayo , is located in the country of argentina . it has a runway length of 19190 and is 19190 .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly and alfa romeo 164 164 are related to the mean designation of transportation saab 9000 9000 9000 .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly is closely related to mean the transportation fiat croma and alfa romeo 164 assembly .
the alfa romeo 164 and 164 assembly are related to the mean of transportation in the alfa romeo 164 and the 164 assembly .
alvis speed and the manufacturer of alvis engineering company , alvis car and alvis car company , is located in the city of coventry .
alvis speed , gearbox , single plate , clutch , separate , separate 4 - speed , gearbox , lever , silent , all of the all of the all of the all of these submissions , such as the all of these countries .
alvis speed , 25 transmission , single plate , clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox , and the all have been used to change lever , silent , all of the all aspects of the all aspects of experiments .
american motors &apos; s successor is eagle ( automobile ) , amc matador manufacturer of american motors .
the antares rocket was used to launch on the site of the maiden flight in 2014 - 09 - 09 antares .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti veinticinco de mayo .
ariane 5 was the launch site of ariane 5 , which was used to manufacturer airbus defence and space agency .
airbus defence and space is the parent company of the airbus defence and space and space .
the aston martin v8 assembly is related to mean aston martin and the aston martin v8 .
aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin aston martin is the successor of aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 is related to mean aston martin which is based in the aston martin virage of transportation and aston martin .
the successor of aston martin v8 is aston martin virage virage manufacturer aston martin .
the atlas ii final flight in 1998 - 03 - 16 . 04 m .
the atlas ii was used to launch the site of cape canaveral air force station in the atlas ii manufacturer lockheed martin .
audi a1 manufacturer audi &apos;s audi division , audi , is a division of audi .
audi a1 is a german manufacturer of audi , a subsidiary of audi ag .
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi audi is a german automobile manufacturer , based in quattro , gmb h .
the key person of caterpillar , inc is douglas r . 5px . the helman of the aid aluna power type of caterpillar inc .
the delta ii launch site is vandenberg air force base and antares is an american expendable launch system .
the leader of finland is juha sipilä sey chirikov .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics and the american submarine nr 1 .
mtu friedrichshafen , owner of rolls royce holdings a , and luna power type of mtu .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the v8 assembly is the assembly .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine , has won the purple heart of aaron gett . daggett . daggett .
ab klink &apos;s alma mater , erasmus university , rotterdam , ab klink party , and christian democratic appeal , was born in the netherlands .
abdul rahman ya kub has the deputy minister stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib ( born in the kingdom of sarawak ) is the home of abdul taib mahmud &apos; s residence of sarawak abdul taib mahmuan ayat jati mahmuan .
abdulsalpoli was born in abdulsalta , abubakar , graduated from the technical institute of abdulsalú abubakar , kaduna , abdulsalta , kaduna , abdulsalta , who worked as chief of the governor .
abdulsaljo abdulsalubakar , its successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalubakar , abubakar , military branch of nigerian air force obasanjo abdulsalubakar .
abdulsaljo abubakar , its successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalubakar , abubakar , military branch of nigerian obasanjo abdulsalubakar , is a military branch of the nigerian army .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas of abel caballero , spain . he worked as a member of the congress of deputies , abel caballero caballero caballero caballero caballero .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is the birthplace of abel caballero caballero party of spain .
abner w sibal battles in the world war ii , abner w sibal military branch of the world war ii and commander joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal office is a member of the 26th district of abner , united states . he was born in queens , connecticut and served as a member of the democratic party .
adam holloway is one of the battles of the gulf war and the commander of the george h . w . bush and adam holloway military branch is the commander of the indian air force .
adam holloway , who was born in faversham adam holloway , graduated from magdalene college .
adam koc was born in congress in poland and later became polish war commander leon trotsky .
adam koc is part of the polish civil war and is part of the military conflict . the polish civil war commander of leon trotsky is the commander of the leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . he worked as a deputy adonis georgiadis , georgiadis , georgiadis , georgiadis , georonis , georonis , georgiadis , georonis , georgians , and georgiadis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece , where adonis worked as a greek minister for health adonis .
adonis georgiadis is a greek political party located in the greek office in while the prime minister of antonis samaras .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes who worked as a member of the netherlands national of the netherlands .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes kant party ( the netherlands ) .
agnes kant , who was born in west germany , graduated from the university of west germany . he graduated from the university of west germany at the university of santiago .
airey neave of the world war ii airey neave active in the end of 1953 - 06 - 30 airey , began in 1953 .
airey neave began in 1974 - 03 - 03 - 30 , the world war ii airey neave active in the early years .
albert b . white , who was born on july 20th , 1876 and died on july 20th , 1966 .
albert b . white spouse ward white agnes , who was born in marietta , ohio and his successor is william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico . albert jennings was born in staten island .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , united states . he died in jennings fountain and died in new york .
the leader of buenos aires is the governing body of buenos aires and the city legislature is buenos aires . the city is led by horacio rodríguez and the larreta rodríguez .
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire , argentina is the successor to the isaac rojas alberto teisaire .
alfons was born in austria and died in graz alfons ( born in austria ) .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , is the successor to albert e . austin , n . phillips , connecticut . he worked as a member of the united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut . he worked as a successor to albert e . austin and alfred n . phillips office .
allan shivers jr was an american politician who worked as a member of the democratic national party and served as a member of the democratic national senate . he was elected as a member of the democratic national committee .
alvah sabin is active in the end of the 1857 - 03 - alvah sabin region , vermont , the largest city in burlington , vermont .
born in 1793 - 10 - 23 , the alvah sabin sabin sabin sabin is the leader of the united states . the party is known as whig .
the leader of the united states is daniel webster , who was born in georgia , where the alvah sabig is the leading party ( born ) .
the american civil war commander abraham lincoln was born in fountain , in the united states and also fought in the american civil war and albert jennings .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg in the battle of fredericksburg in the american civil war .
alfons born in the county of austria are leaders of tyrol alfons and gorbach is the daughter of alfons .
alfons born in tyrol is bures alfons gorbach is a leader in the state of austria .
the leaders of austria are doris and alfons gorbach and gorbach . he died in styria , alfons .
the commander of the battle of salem is robert e lee , who is part of the military conflict of the american civil war and also fought in the battle of salem .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro and the currency is the euro . the birth place of the netherlands is stellendam .
the polish national , poland , is the language spoken in poland where the language is polish , and the language is called adam koc .
in 1994 , the club &apos; s ground is velocity , 0925 . 0 . it is located in the town of vapai . 0 kilometres north of the town of glendale , 0 .
in 2009 , the fd orbital period is 39447000 . 0 in 2009 , it is known as fd . orbital period , 39447000 . 0 in 2009 , and is known as 410777 .
6063 . 0 kilometres in 1998 , ro063 . it is 6063 . 0 kilometres from celsius ro063 . it has a total of 6063 . 0 km and a total of 6063 square kilometres .
6391 . 6391 . 1999 kw4 is 6391 . 6391 . 4 ( average : 6391 . 16 . 16 . 0 square metres ) , is 6391 . 6391 .
in the 1000 piazzia orbital period , orbital period , 488160 , 1000 piazzia , periapsis , 35240000 , 0 .
1001 gaussia epoch , 2015 - 06 - 1001 , gaussia , former name of the opoch a907 - 27 , 1001 . gaussia , is 5574 .
101 helena is located at 101 helena mass of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) and has a total of 105 square kilometres .
the alma mater of 1036 , ganymed by discoverer walter baade , walter baade , is a us national .
103 hera discoverer , james craig watson , epoch , 2011 , died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin and died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera . epoch , 2011 - 08 - 27 and orbital period of 1622 . it is located in the town of hera and orbital period of 1622 . 0 days .
103 hera . 0 . 0482 ( kelvins ) is located at velocity . it can be served as a dessert and has a total of 170 square kilometres .
born in nottingham n . r . pogson is an american born in nottingham , england .
1089 tama epoch , 2005 a904 , 1089 tama , is the name of a894 a904 , 1089 tama .
1089 tama epoch , 2005 - 11 - 26 , 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 , 0 .
1097 vicia epoch in 2006 , the vicia former name : 1928 pc 1097 , periapsis , periapsis , 0 .
in 109 , felicitas epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 , and 109 felicitas mass of 7 . 5 kilograms .
in 2006 , the 109 felicitas epoch , 2006 - 12 , felicitas , and orbital period of 139705000 000 000 000 000 .
10 seconds of hygiea is the average of the average speed of 16 . 76 square kilometres , and 10 hygiea is 5395395 . 76 square kilometres .
10 . hygiea is located at a total area of 837080 square kilometres and is located at hygiea in the average of 837080 square kilometres .
the 10 square kilometres of hygiea has a total area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and is located in hygiea . it has a total area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres .
110 lydia epoch in 2006 - 12 - 31 , 110 lydia mass is epoch . 7 kilograms , periapsis , periapsis , and 0 .
110 lydia epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 , 110 lydia , periapsis , 377016000000 , 0 .
aaron bertram associated with the band / associated with the musical artist kids imagine nation aaron bertram , associated with the band suburban legends and suburban legends .
aaron deer &apos;s genre , indie rock aaron deer , origin of the indiana aaron deer , origin , united states .
aaron deer , origin of the united states aaron deer , and the genre of psychedelia aaron deer .
aaron turner associated with the band / associated with the musical artist twilight , aaron turner and aaron turner .
aaron turner associated with the band / associated with the musical artist twilight , aaron turner and aaron turner .
aaron turner associated with the band / associated with the musical artist twilight , aaron turner and aaron turner .
aaron turner , a genre of black metal , black metal , and aaron turner , electric guitar , black metal music , and fusion genre .
aaron turner , a genre of black metal , black metal , aaron turner , and singing , black metal music .
abradab was born in 1978 in the band / associated with the musical artist magik rapper abradab .
abradab is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist magik rapper abradab .
ace wilder , a genre of hip hop music , hip hop music , styante origin , funk , hip hop music , and hip hop music .
born in asunción , paraguay , juan afara agustín agustín barboza is the leader of paraguay .
al anderson is associated with the band nrbq and the band is associated with the band nrbq . the band is known as the associated with the band of nrbq .
alan frew genre rock music is a rock music that is now popular in the country music genre of bhangra music .
albennie jones is a genre of jazz jazz that afrobeat the origin of blues and blues music fusion genre .
albennie jones , who was born in errata , mississippi rhythm and blues , albennie jones , was a member of the disco genre .
aleksandra kovač is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist bebi dol aleksandra kovač and kovač .
aleksandra kovač is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist bebi dol aleksandra kovač and kovač .
aleksandra kovač is associated with the musical artist k2 kovač and is associated with the musical artist k2 kovač and kovač .
alex &apos;s day genre , synthpop , synthpop , styante , origin of pop music , synthpop , synthpop , and disco .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . he died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . he died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in london , united kingdom and his nationality is alfred garth jones .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester where the leader is labour party ( uk ) .
alfred garth jones died in london where boris johnson died .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist flibbertigibbet alison of alison , a musical artist .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist mellow candle alison , o &apos; donnell o &apos; donnell , associated with the band .
alison o &apos; donnell genre , jazz , derivative funk , alison o &apos; donnell instrument , bodhrán , percussion , and autoharp .
alison o &apos; donnell genre , jazz , derivative funk , alison o &apos; donnell , and record label static caravan recordings .
allen forrest , who was born in dothan , alabama , allen forrest the genre of pop music allen , is a background asteroid .
allen , who was born in dothan , alabama , is known as rhythm and blues allen forrest .
the alternative name of rock music is rock music , which is also known as nu metal and andrew white .
anders associated with the band / associated with the musical artist billy iuso anders , osborne and osborne associated with the band / associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
anders osborne is an american record label that is now known as rabadash records , osborne and the genre of rock music music .
andra is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist puya and crbl andra andra andra .
andra is associated with the musical artist andreea and blues andra , the singer of the band is associated with the band moga moga moga moga .
andra is the singer of the rhythm and blues andra ( singer ) and is a solo singer .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with musical artist christian burns andrew rayel , associated with the band and trance genre .
andrew rayel associated with the band / associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsoerson andrew rayel , and andrew rayel , the genre of trance and trance .
andrew rayel associated with the band / associated with the musical musical artist jwaydan moyine christian burns , a genre of music , andrew rayel , associated with the band .
andrew white , a musician , is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist marry banpoli w andrew white and andrew white .
ska punk styerson origin ska aaron bertram is associated with the band / musical artist suburban legends and aaron bertram genre ska punk .
born in errata , mississippi albennie jones is an ethnic group in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the v8 name of the dodge engine is &quot; dodge &quot; , which is also known as the dodge transmission , is &quot; 3 - automatic 1955 &quot; .
a - rosa luna is a cruise ship that was ordered in 2004 - rosa luna . 0 metres long and has a runway length of 125800 . 0 .
a . s . rosa luna is the only ship of the displacement of the former tonnes . it is located at the top of the city of luna and has a runway length of 125800 . 0 .
aida cruises , owned by costa crociere , is in germany and operated by aida cruises .
aid astella was christening in 2013 - 03 - 16 , aid astella and has a runway length of 25360 . 0 .
the american locomotive company of alco , which has a runway length of 17068 - 3 . 8 .
the american locomotive company of alco , v12 engine , v12 engine , and alco has a runway length of 17068 . 8 metres .
the american locomotive company , which was founded in 17068 , is the location of the american locomotive company of alco and has a runway length of 17068 . 8 .
alv x is from the united states where african americans live .
alv . x . is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
alv x x x rocket stages is 1 . 524 metres in diameter .
abarth 1000 gt coupé , with production end of 1958 abarth 1000 and 1000 gt coupé , which was designed by the italian coupé , abarth 1000 gt coupé , and the coupé .
abarth 1000 gt coupé coupé is 2160 . 0 millith millith , 1000 gt , 1000 gt coupé , and the coupé was designed by the italian coupé .
the vessel of beam 21 is chirikov , who is the ship of beam 21 . 2 and chirikov is the daughter of helsinki shipyard .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly of italy , which has the capital city of rome , is affiliated with the alfa romeo 164 and 164 .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly of italy , which has the capital city of rome , is affiliated with the alfa romeo 164 and 164 .
the alfa romeo 164 , which is related to the mean alfa romeo 164 and the 164 assembly , and 164 alfa romeo 164 .
the alfa romeo 164 , which is related to the mean alfa romeo 164 and the 164 assembly of milan in 164 , is affiliated with the mean fiat croma transportation saab 9000 9000 .
the alhambra ship , which has a runway length of 63800 . 0 , is located at beam 8 . 3 m . alhambra , and has a length of 63800 . 0 .
alhambra ship beam is an alhambra ship , which was developed by the alhambra ship of the launch of 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alvis speed , which was founded in 1921 by the alvis car and engineering company alvis car and the alvis car , and the alvis of petrol .
american motors fate eagle jr . is a key person at the automobile matador manufacturer of american motors fate .
antares rocket manufacturer yuzhnoye and the design office antares are located in the united states .
the antares rocket was used to launch site on the site of the yuzhnoye design , antares rocket .
ariane 5 manufacturer ariane 5 was used to launch site 3 at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
the aston martin v8 is related to the mean aston martin v8 , which is part of the aston martin v8 , which is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . it is also designed by aston martin in the uk .
the aston martin v8 is related to the mean aston martin v8 , which is part of the aston martin v8 which is affiliated with the aston martin v8 .
the atlas ii was used to launch site vandenberg air force base in the united states and the atlas ii launch site of cape canaveral air force station .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the country is lead by the president .
the atlas ii was the launch site of cape canaveral air force station and the atlas ii launch site of the united states .
the audi a1 engine was designed by audi a1 and the audi a1 assembly in brussels . the audi a1 is also known as the audi a1 .
audi a1 , which is related to the mean audi a1 , is related to the mean seat of transportation and the seat of ibiza audi a1 , is audi a1 .
caterpillar inc is located in peoria , illinois and is the location of the caterpillar inc .
caterpillar inc is in illinois and is owned by aida cruises . the aluna power type of caterpillar inc .
costa crociere , owned by costa crociere , is located in genoa , aid astella , which is owned by costa crociere .
delta ii launch site vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 antares is an american expendable launch system located in the united states .
the guiana space centre is located at the guiana space centre and the headquarters of the guiana space centre . ela is the headquarters of the guiana space centre .
the guiana space centre is located at kourou , french guiana . it is also the site of the ariane 5 launch site of the guiana space centre .
a . neptun werft is located in the city of rostock , in the country of rosa , luna builder neptun werft .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the origin of the country is african american .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen and goslarer , sc 08 and sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt , who plays for sv werder bremen , is the manager of vf l .
abel hernández plays for central español abel hernández and hull city f . c . . . he is also a player for the central español abel hernández .
abel hernández plays for central español abel hernández and the u . s . città di palermo .
adam maher , who was born in the netherlands , plays for psv eindhoven and adam maher .
akeem &apos; s home ground is the estadio petrotrin f . c . and he also plays for w connection f . c . and is also a player in the united petrotrin .
akeem ayers , former team los angeles rams , akeem , ayers , and round 2 akeem ayers were draft by pick 39 .
akeem ayers , former team of st . louis rams , akeem , ayers , and round 2 akeem , were draft by pick 39 .
akeem who was born on 27 february 1987 in atlanta , georgia , is dent on the 27th of february 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the alaa abdul ra club shabab al - ordon .
alaa abdul - zahra club , al kharaitiyat sc , sc , al kharaitiyat , played their home matches at al khalaa in al kharaitiaa .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on the 23rd of june 1989 . he is a player for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde .
alan martin is a member of the accraccraccraccrington stanley f . c . club and now plays for accraccraccrington stanley fc .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 - 02 , aleksander barkov , jr . and is a member of the aleksander barkov , jr .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 and his team was florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr .
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia where the leader is vladimir putin aleksandr chumakov .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc kuban krasnodar aleksandr and prudnikov .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 and plays for russia national football team aleksandr prudnikov .
aleksandre guruli club olympique lyonnais is the home ground of azal pfk who plays for parc olympique lyonnais and aleksandre guri .
aleksandre guruli club olympique lyonnais , or simply olympique lyonnais , is a club from parc , olympique lyonnais .
the manager of alessio romagnoli is siniša mihajlović . he is a member of the italian national football team and manages a . c . milan .
the manager of a . c . milan is siniši who plays for a . c . milan and manages a . c . milan . he is attached to the club ashajlović alessio .
alessio romagnoli is a former professional football team based in italy . he plays for the italian national football team and the italy national football team .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , plays for the italian national under under the italian football team alessio romagnoli romagnoli romagnoli .
the birth place of alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , has a height of 1 . 9304 alex , plante , plante , a club from anyang .
alex plante { height : 1 . 9304 ; alex : 304 ; plante club : anyang .
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . and maccabi ashdod b . c . . . he also plays for maccabi ashdod b . c .
alex tyus is a former professional basketball club based in the maccabi ashdod b . c . and also plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . as a coach .
fc spartak moscow &apos; s ground is otkrytiye arena , aleksandr prudnikov , plays for fc tom tomsk and prudnikov .
fc spartak moscow &apos; s ground , otkrytiye arena , aleksandr prudnikov , youthclub fc spartak moscow and fc prudnikov .
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league , aleksandr chumakov , who played for fc torpedo moscow and fc torpedo .
the manager of a . f . c . is steve bruce , abel hernández , who plays for the hull city football team and manages a . f . c . hernández .
the leader of moscow is sergey chuanin aleksandr chumakov and died in aleksandmakov .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramner , who plays for the real madrid national football team .
real madrid castilla is managed by luis miguel ramner who plays for real madrid fc and real madrid .
st . louis , who was born in st . louis , is part of the greater st . louis , where francis g slay is the leader .
tennessee titans , a city based in nashville , tennessee , akeem , ayers , former team of new england patriots , akeem , ayers , and tennessee titans .
the ground of the palo seco akeem is located in the united petrotrin of trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for trinidad and tobago national football team .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen and sv werder bremen . he is the manager of the sv werder bremen who plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernández plays for peñarol abel hernández and central español hull city fc . he is the manager of a . f . c . manager of a . f . c . club .
abel hernández is the manager of abel hernández , who plays for central español peñarol , abosmán and the club is also a member of the central español milan club .
abel hernández is the manager of a . s . città di palermo and the u . s . città di palermo . he is also a player for peñarol , u . s . città .
born on the 15th of october 1986 , adam mc quaid is the birth place of adam mc quaid , who was born on the 15th of march 1986 . he is the daughter of adam mc quaid .
adam mc quaid is the manager of the columbus blue jackets , boston bruins , who played for general don sweeney and columbus , ohio .
akeem , born on the 15th of july 1989 , was the former team of st . louis rams and ayers , who was born on the 15th of july 1989 .
akeem who was born in atlanta , georgia on 1987 - 09 - 27 . he was born in houston and dent on the 23rd of february 1987 .
akeem who was born on 27 february 1987 in atlanta , georgia , is the birthplace of the dent team of the houston texans .
al kharaitiyat sc ground , al khor , alaa abdul - zahra club , al - zawra , sc alaa , and al - zahra .
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc is an iraqi football club based in al khalaa , al kharaitial .
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc kharaitial , played their home matches at al khalaa in al kharaitial .
alan martin was born on the 15th of march 1989 . he is a member of the hamilton academical f . c . and has a height of 185 . he is a member of 185 .
alan martin was born on the 23rd of february 1989 . he is a member of the club of the league of scotland and has a height of 185 . he has a height of 185 .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov , a height of 185 . 0 metres .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 and plays for aleksandr prudnikov . he has a height of 185 .
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv is a height of 178 . 0 metres and has a height of 178 . 0 metres .
alex was born in 1989 - 09 - 09 - 09 in plante , the club &apos;s plante , who was born in canada .
alex plante , born in canada , was the son of alex plante , who was born in canada . he also plays for anyang alex alex .
elizabeth ii was born in canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is spoken . the national anthem of canada is canada .
elizabeth ii was born in canada where there is an ethnic group called asian canadians and the leader is elizabeth ii .
elizabeth ii was born in canada where the language is slavey and the leader is aaron boogaard .
fc terek grozny is a russian professional football club based in grozny aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc terek grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny and grozny grozny grozny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery , who played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league , aleksandmakov and fc torpedo moscow . the club played in the russian premier league .
houston texans , a city in texas , akeem dent on their debut team , atlanta falcons , and dent on the houston texans in houston , dent on the houston texans .
the manager of a . f . c . peñarol is steve bruce club , who is in the primera división of abel hernel hernández .
in 1994 , epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 - 31 . it is located in vkow850000 . 0 kilometres long and the epoch period of 8788850000 . 0 .
6063 . 6061 . epoch , 2013 - 11 , is 6063 . 0063 . 0063 square kilometres , and 6061 . epoch in 2013 , it is 6063 .
6061 . 0 square kilometres was 6061 . it was 6061 . 0 ( 6063 ) , 6065 . 0 kilometres in diameter , and 6061 . 6063 square kilometres , and 6063 .
1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 , 1000 piazzia , orbital period , is 488160 and 1000 piazzia orbital period .
1001 gaussia discoverer , sergey belyavavsky , 1001 , gaussia , epoch , 2015 , is the current name of gaussia , the former name of ox1 .
born in 1036 , ganymed with a discoverer of walter baade and walter baade , he attended the german university of göttingen .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , walter baade , doctoral student , halton , and walter baade was born in preußisch .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , walter baade , doctoral student , halton , and walter baade . he attended the university of west germany , walter baade .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin and graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , where he died .
james craig watson is an american born in madison , wisconsin . he died in madison , wisconsin . he is an american .
james craig watson is a us national born in madison , wisconsin . he died in madison , wisconsin and died in madison , wisconsin .
born in 107 , camilla graduated from chennai , 107 . r . pogson died in chennai , in 107 and died in chennai . r . pogson died in chennai .
born in nottingham , the camilla discoverer n . r . pogson died in chennai , n . r . pogson and died in nottingham .
in 2005 , 1089 , tama epoch , 2005 - 11 - 26 , 1089 tama is the name of a904 . 1089 . tama , former name a904 .
102 . 0068 tama escape velocity , 0 . 0068 is a 846 . 1089 . 0 square kilometres in diameter and 1089 .
1097 . vicia epoch in 2006 , 1097 . vicia mass of epoch , kilograms , and orbital vicia mass , is located at 1097 .
in 2006 , 109 felicitas epoch , 2006 - 12 , felicitas , and orbital period of 109 felicitas orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
in 2015 , hygiea is the epoch 2015 - 06 - 10 hygiea is the former name of a900 ga hygiea and orbital hygiea .
in 2006 , the clematis epoch , 2006 - 12 1101 , clematis , it was reported to the velocity of the 0 - 12 - 31 1101 and 1101 . 0 km from clematis .
clematis epoch , 2006 - 12 1101 clematis , former sj , 1101 , and orbital clematis were founded in 1928 .
in 1101 , clematis , escape velocity , 0 . 02 . 0 , the clematis of orbital 183309004 . 0 km from the clematis of orbital 18330909 . 0 km .
the 1955 dodge engine has a v8 engine called the dodge manufacturer of dodge , 1955 – 3 - speed automatic 1955 . 0 inches in 1955 .
in 1955 , dodge is related to mean de soto , which is affiliated with the mean de soto de soto as its successor , the custom , and the custom manufacturer of transportation .
aida cruises is owned by aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , and aid astella .
aid astella is the owner of aid astella . it is owned by aida cruises and has a runway length of 253260 . 0 . aid astella is 253260 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 builder locomotive company , built on may 3 , 1950 and was built in alco . the company was designed by alco and was designed to build on may 3 , 1950 .
alco rs - 3 . 8 metres high , which has a runway length of 17068 . 0 , was designed by the american locomotive company of alco and has a length of 17068 .
the american locomotive company , which is located in the united states , is known as american locomotive company . the locomotive company was 17068 and has a runway length of 17068 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works to build the alco rs , and was built on may 1 , 1950 . the locomotive works were built in alco and were built on may 3 , 1950 .
alco , which has 12 floors , is designed to build the locomotive works of alco , and has 12 floors . the locomotive works were designed to build on may 1956 .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador amc matador the assembly of mexico and the city of amc matador is the name of american motors matador , which is also known as the &quot; amc matador &quot; engine &quot; .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic amc matador assembly , kenosha , is the alternative name of the vam classic of the amc matador , in the class , amc matador , matador , matador , and car amc matador .
the acura tlx assembly , marysville , ohio acura tlx , tlx , layout of front wheel drive , a class of mid - wheel drive , and tlx engine .
the acura tlx assembly , marysville auto plant , acura tlx , tlx , and the acura tlx class , is a four-cylinder engine , which was developed by acura tlx engine .
the vessel of the builder finland is known as the chirikov . the ship is beam , finland , chirikov , and is also known as the &quot; beam 21 &quot; .
the leader of finland is juha sipilä , finland , where the people are known as finns finland , are known as finns finland , is juha sipilä .
the vessel of beam 21 is chirikov and the ship is beam 21 . 2 , chirikov , chirikov , is the site of the construction of the vessel ( izmir ) and is located in helsinki .
the alfa romeo 164 and 164 assembly are related to the alfa romeo 164 engine , which is closely related to the mean sea saab 9000 , alfa romeo , and 164 engine .
the alfa romeo 164 , which is related to the mean alfa romeo 164 and the 164 assembly , is affiliated to the mean fiat croma of the alfa romeo 164 .
the alhambra ship , which is 63800 . 0 metres above the alhambra , has a runway length of 63800 . 0 .
alvis speed , a 25 manufacturer of alvis car company , alvis car company , alvis car company , was founded in 1983 in coventry and alvis speed .
alvis speed , a 25 manufacturer of alvis engineering company , alvis car company , alvis car company , alvis car , and alvis engine . the company was founded in 1990 and the alvis speed company .
american motors &apos; s successor is american motors fate chrysler amc matador , manufacturer of american motors sr .
the american submarine nr - 1 ship beam 3 . 8 m . submarine nr , was the first submarine of nr - 334 . the first submarine of nr was completed on 1 february 1969 .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which has a runway length of 453 . 0 . the first submarine of the nr milnam , was completed on 1 july 1969 and has a length of 45000 . 0 .
the antares rocket was the site of the antares rocket , which is the manufacturer of yuzhnoye and the design of the antares rocket . it is also known as the &quot; flight of the antares &quot; .
the antares rocket , which was developed by the antares rocket , was also known as the manufacturer of yuzhnoye . it is also known as the launch site of the starares rocket .
the united kingdom , which has designed aston martin , is the home of aston martin v8 , as its successor , aston martin virage and aston martin virage .
the aston martin v8 is related to the mean aston martin v8 , which is affiliated with the aston martin v8 . it is affiliated with the aston martin v8 . the v8 is affiliated with the aston martin v8 .
the aston martin v8 engine is related to the mean aston martin v8 , which has aston martin as its successor , aston martin virage , and aston martin as its successor , aston martin virage .
the atlas ii launch site of the atlas ii launch site at cape canaveral air force , and the final flight of the atlas ii was completed in 2002 .
audi a1 , which is also known as the supermini audi a1 , has 1 . 2 . 2 litres out of audi a1 and 1 , layout of the front wheel drive .
audi a1 manufacturer audi is a german automobile company founded on august 25 , 2007 by audi , a division of audi .
caterpillar inc , which is owned by aida cruises , is located in illinois and is the location of caterpillar inc .
costa crociere is located in genoa , aid astella , owned by costa crociere , and owned by costa crociere .
cape canaveral air force station , antares , is the site of the delta ii which is located in the united states . it is also the location of the delta ii which is also known as the launch site of the delta ii .
delta ii was the launch site of vandenberg and afb space launch complex 2 delta ii launch site . cape canaveral is an american air force station in antares .
the fiat croma , which is related to the mean alfa romeo 164 assembly , is affiliated with the mean opel vectra of alfa romeo and the 164 assembly .
the fiat croma is related to the mean international transportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 and the 164 assembly is the 164 which is affiliated with the mean fiat croma alfa romeo .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics , american submarine nr - 1 . 1 . ship beam is the parent company of general dynamics , connecticut and the general dynamics electric boat .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich neptun werft . the city of rostock rostock rostock is the location of a .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and english is the language spoken in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is home to the ethnic group of african american .
aaron bertram is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist kids imagine nation aaron bertram and aaron bertram .
aaron deer ; background : solo singer aaron deer , and aaron deer , origin of aaron deer origin , indiana .
aaron turner is associated with the musical artist sumac turner and aaron turner , associated with the band aaron turner in the genre . the band is associated with the musical artist sumac turner .
aaron turner associated with the band / associated with the musical artist twilight , the band was associated with the band &apos;s twilight and aaron turner in the genre .
aaron turner is associated with the band &apos; s musical artist sumac mac turner and aaron turner , associated with the band &apos;s electric guitar .
born on the 15th of 1982 - 07 - 23 , ace wilder is the birthplace of ace wilder , who was born in stockholm .
born on the ace wilder background date , ace wilder is the birthplace of ace wilder , who was born on july 23rd , 1982 .
born in stockder , ace wilder served as a solo singer and ace wilder , she performed as a solo singer and ace wilder .
ace wilder , born in sweden , is the daughter of ace wilder , who served as a solo singer and ace wilder .
ahmet ertegun , in the united states , is an american rhythm and blues and blues ahmet ertegun , whose origin is washington d . c . d . ahmet ertegun .
ahmet ertegun and roll are an ethnic group in the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albennie jones , active in the end of the year 1950 and 1950 , albennie jones and blues , and blues , was a rhythm and blues guitarist and blues , and blues , and blues .
the albennie jones , who was born in the united states , is an ethnic group of african american jazz styante , who was born in the united states .
aleksandra kovač was born in belvač , a polish born in belvač , a genre of pop music aleksandra kovač , a solo singer .
aleksandra kovač was born in burbank , michigan . he is the daughter of aleksandra kovač and his father of aleksandra kovač .
alex is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist chameleon circuit of the band , associated with the band &apos; alex &apos; day .
alex &apos;s first day associated with the band / associated with the musical artist chameleon circuit , was associated with the band &apos; mc donnell and joe alex .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . he died in london and died in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa is the name of the leader of uruguay , where the people are known as greeks and daniel martínez .
alfredo zitarrosa , who was born in uruguay , in alfredo zitarrosa , zitarrosa , zitarrodo , zitarrodo , zitarrodo , zitarrodo , zitarrodo , and zitarrodo .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist of bajik alison , o &apos; donnell , alison , o &apos; act , alison , alison , alison , began his career in the early 2000s .
alison , o &apos; donnell , associated with the band / associated with the band , mellow candle , alison , o &apos; donnell &apos; donnell &apos; , began with the band in 1963 .
alison o &apos; donnell genre is located in london and its alison o &apos; donnell record label , deram records , deram records , and deram records .
alison o &apos; donnell genre is located in london and alison o &apos; donnell record label deram records , deram records and deram records .
allen , who was born in fort allen , was born in fort campbell and his genre acoustic music allen forrest in the late 1980s .
allen forrest , born in fort allen , is a part of the rap music allen forrest , who was born in fort allen , michigan . he was raised in dothan allen , al allen and allen .
the alternative name of the rock music fusion genre is &quot; nu metal &quot; , which is associated with the same genre , is &quot; rock &quot; and its alternative name is &quot; indie rock &quot; .
anders associated with the band / associated with musical artist billy iuso anders , osborne and osborne associated with the band , osborne and osborne and osborne .
anders and osborne , record label alligator records , is located in chicago and osborne record label , the genre of blues alligator records .
andra was born in andra , romania and is the singer of the dance genre . he performed as a solo singer and performed as a solo singer .
andra is a music genre of rhythm and blues and blues and blues and blues derivative funk .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with musical artist christian burns andrew rayel , associated with the band and trance genre , which began in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with the musical musical artist jwaydan moyine trance music styante origin and is associated with the band &apos;s music andrew rayel .
andrew white , who is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist kaiser chiefs , andrew white and andrew white . the band is associated with the band &apos; s alternative name .
andrew white , a musician , is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist kaiser chiefs , andrew white and andrew white , who is associated with the band , andrew white .
asunción is part of the gran asunción agustín barboza and death in paraguay . the leader of the country is juan afara agustín barboza .
the country music instrument banjo is associated with the musical artist nrbq and the band is associated with the musical artist nrbq . it is often associated with the musical artist nrbq .
hip hop music is a hip hop music music that styante origin of disco , hip hop , hip hop music , and hip hop music , styerson origin , hip hop music , and hip hop music .
manchester is part of the greater manchester where alfred garth jones was born . the leader of manchester is alfred garth jones who is part of the uk .
aaron turner is associated with the band &apos; s twilight and aaron turner , associated with the band &apos; s twilight and aaron turner . the band has been associated with the band is the associated with the band .
the black metal band , which is associated with the band , is also associated with the band aaron turner . the band is also associated with the band &apos;s / musical artist twilight .
the american born in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are the african american , albennie jones , and blues , was one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in the west counties of roxbury , is the architect of the american civil war . he won the purple heart of aaron gett . s . daggett .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in the battle of wilderness aaron s , died in roxt , maine .
ab klink university , who was born in rotterdam , netherlands , graduated from erasmus university in 1957 . he worked as a separate association of mb as ab klink office .
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul mahmud region , asajaya , bersatu , abdul mahmun , muang mahmun , muang mahmun , muang mahmun , yang mahmuang mahmun , yang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang , muang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahang mahang mahang mahmuang mahang mahang mahang mahang mahang mahang mahang .
abdul taib mahmud residence of sarawak abdul taib mahmud mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul mahmud abdul mahmud mahmud , abdul mahmud , abdul mahmud , muajaya mahmusarawak .
the birth place of abdul taib mahmud , a successor of adenan , adenan , adenan , who was born in japanese .
born in british hong kong , mahmud , the successor of adenan , abdul mahmud , sarawak , is the successor of adenan , who was born in japanese .
abdulsalpoli abubakar in office while vice president mike akhigbe abdulsalubakar , abubakar , military branch of nigerian mike akhigbe , was appointed as chief of staff .
abdulsalpoli abubakar in office while vice president mike akhigbe mike akhigakhigbe , the predecessor of the oladipo diya abdulsalad abdulsalta , abubakar , and the successor of the indian air force .
abel caballero , who was born in juan carlos i , spain , is the current predecessor of the monarch juan carlos i , who was born in juan carlos i .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he worked as a minister of transport abel caballero caballero caballero caballero caballero .
a . ribicoff is an american born in new york , united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , is the author of the gulf war and his alma mater was adam holloway and he attended the university of cambridge .
the polish national , adam koc , is the official language of poland where they speak polish and the commander joseph stalin .
adam koc is part of the military conflict and the polish civil war which is part of the military conflict of the polish civil war . adam koc is the commander of the polish civil war .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , new york . he worked as president of greece adonis georgiadis georgiadis is , georgiadis , georgiadis .
adonis was born in athens , greece . he worked as a georgiadis georgiadis , georgiadis , georgiadis , georgiadis , georgiadis , greece .
adonis was born in athens , greece . he worked as a member of the hellenic parliament adonis georgiadis georgiadis georgiadis georgiadis .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro emile roemer party ( the leader of the netherlands ) , which is lead by emile roemer party ( roemile ) .
the agnes kant of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte agnes , who worked as a member of the netherlands national of the netherlands , is called agnes kant .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte emile roemer party ( uk ) and the leader of the netherlands is emile roemer party ( uk ) .
the leader of the netherlands is emile roemer agnes , the red socialist party ( which is lead by the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
airey neave , who was born on the 15th of march , 1953 , was the site of the airey neave active and was born in knightsbridge , in london .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , in london , was the airey neave active in the early 19th century .
airey neave &apos;s unit , royal artillery royal artillery garrison , hohne airey , neave , fought in world war ii and commander chiang .
albert b . white , born in parkersburg , west virginia , is the birthplace of william m . white , who died in parkersburg , maryland .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland on march 23rd , 1905 , was the successor of william m . o . dawson and was active in the end of 1905 - 03 - 04 - 04 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where they speak french and the commander abraham lincoln was born .
albert jennings fountain was born in doña ana , new mexico . he was born in new york city and later became a member of the american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico . he died in the united states and died in new mexico .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where the leader is horacio rodríguez larreta alberto alberto teisaire &apos;s party is justicialist party .
alberto teisaire was born in argentina . he worked as a teisaire , argentina . he was appointed as president of the argentine senate and alberto roisaire , argentina .
alfred moore was born in north carolina , united states . he worked as a successor to daniel gould and alfred moore , scales , who worked as the democratic party of north carolina .
alfred n . s . phillips , who was born in connecticut . he worked as a branch of the united states army and was a member of the united states army . he was born in connecticut and was a member of the democratic national guard .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , worked as a member of the democratic party ( united states ) , is the successor to the democratic party ( headquarters of alfred n . phillips ) .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he worked as a democratic party ( u . s . phillips , connecticut ) and alfred n . phillips .
allan shivers , who was born in houston , texas , worked as the democratic party ( united states ) , was appointed as governor of texas .
allan shivers , who was born in burbank , texas , worked as the democratic party ( united states ) , has worked as the allan shivers as its successor , shivers , shivers , and shivers .
alvah sabin , vermont , worked at the alvah sabin , sabin , sabin , sabin , vermont . the largest city in the state of vermont is burlington .
alvah sabin is the largest party in the united states . the leader of the whig is daniel webster and the largest party in the united states . the largest party in the state is vermont .
the american civil war , whose commander is robert e lee , is part of the dead conflict of american civil war . the commander of the battle of gettysburg is robert e lee .
juan perón is the leader of argentina , where they speak spanish and they speak spoken . juan perón is the leader of argentina .
juan perón , born in mendoza , argentina , is the political party ( president : alberto teisaire ) and the successor of isaac rojas alberto teisaire , argentina .
aida cruises is located in germany and owned by costa crociere , the parent company of carnival corporation &amp; plc and aid astella .
aid astella is the operator of aid astella . aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid astella , aid ablu , and aid ablu .
alco rs &apos; s 3 , which has 12 floors , was designed by the american locomotive company of alco and 17068 . it was build on august 3 , 1950 and is located 25 . 8 metres long .
alco , which has 12 floors , has 12 floors and a total of 17068 . it is 25 . 8 metres above sea level . the locomotive company has a runway length of 17068 . 0 .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the native americans live there are an ethnic group called native americans .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador amc matador or the assembly thames , new zealand , is the name of the american motors matador and the body &apos;s amc matador .
alhambra , owned by p &amp; o , is located in london , p &amp; o &amp; o . the company is owned by p &amp; o &amp; o and its alhambra , the ship &apos; s alhambra .
american motors &apos; s successor is american motors , a subsidiary of wheel horse amc matador , manufacturer of american motors jr .
the american submarine nr - 3 , which has a runway length of 434 . 0 . the submarine nr was designed by the american submarine nr benm and completed in 1969 .
the antares rocket , which is associated with the category of the minotaur ii , is an american expendable launch site . it is also the location of atlantic regional spaceport , which has been associated with the ariane 0 .
the antares rocket was the site of the antares rocket . the manufacturer of yuzhnoye and the design of the antares rocket was used to launch the first flight in 2014 - 10 - 07 - 9 .
antares is the site of the ac - 09 - 03380 . the manufacturer of the yuzhnoye design office antares is the site of the rocket , which was inaugurated on the 28th of july 2014 .
the ariane 5 final flight is located at the centre national d &apos; s ariane 5 , which was used to be found on the ariane 5 mission and ariane 5 , which was used to be found at airbus defence and space centre .
the location of the city of courcourcouronnes is the guiana space centre which has its headquarters at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
the aston martin v8 is related to the mean aston martin v8 , which is affiliated with the aston martin v8 , which is affiliated with the aston martin v8 , which has aston martin as its v8 assembly as its successor .
the aston martin v8 is related to the mean aston martin v8 , which is affiliated with the aston martin v8 . it is affiliated with the aston martin v8 . the v8 is affiliated with the aston martin / martin v8 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom which has been related to mean the mean aston martin v8 , which is lead by aston martin virage and aston martin as its v8 as its successor . the aston martin virage is aston martin virage .
the audi a1 engine was designed by audi a1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 . layout of the front wheel drive and the audi a1 .
audi a1 manufacturer audi is a german automobile company founded on august 25 , 2007 by audi ag , a subsidiary of lamborghini audi .
caterpillar inc is located in peoria , illinois , united states and is owned by aida cruises .
caterpillar inc is in the united states and is owned by aida cruises . it is owned by aida aluna , inc .
caterpillar inc , which is owned by aida cruises , is located in peoria , illinois , united states , which has a key person called douglas r . miller .
costa crociere is the parent company of carnival corporation , owned by the crociere , the parent company of carnival corporation &amp; plc and astella .
finland , led by juha sipilä , is home to the sami languages of finland . the leader of finland is called sami and the finnish language is spoken in finland is juha sipilä .
the capital of germany is berlin and the leader of the country is neptun werft . a . the country is lead by joachim gauck rostock luna and a .
andreas voßkuhle , germany , is the capital of which is berlin . the leader of the country is andreas voßkuhle and the capital city is berlin .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is home to the native americans .
abel hernández youthández is a member of the central español league and the manager of the uruguayan segunda división abel hernel hernández . he is also the manager of the club of central español .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia , is the manager of fc chumakov . he is also a member of the russia national football team and fc torpedo matviyenko are leaders of the russian national football team .
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv is the manager of fc karpaty lviv and lviv . their manager is oleh luzhny lyonnais .
a . c . milan is the manager of a . c . romagnoli club . he is in the serie a league and manages a . c . milan . he also plays for sinišiaja .
the manager of alessio romagnoli currentiša , mihajlović , a . c . milan is the manager of a . c . milan and the club is managed by siniša mihajlović .
central español play in the central español national football league in the central español u . s . città di palermo and the manager of central español f . s . città di palermo .
fc spartak moscow &apos; s chairman is sergey rodionov and fc spartak moscow . the club is based in otkrytiye stadium , aleksandr prudnikov club and fc spartak moscow .
fc terek grozny is the chairman of sergey rodionov and fc terek grozny ground grozny , who plays for fc spartak moscow and fc grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny grozny .
fc terek grozny ground is grozny grozny aleksandr prudnikov , youthclub fc spartak moscow , aleksandr prudnikov , fc grozaknikov , fc grozakny grozakny grozny grozakny grozakny , fc grozaknikov , fc grozakov , fc grozaknikov and fc grozakny grozaknikov .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is the russian premier league aleksandr chumakov . he was born in soviet union aleksandr chumakov , who played for the russia national football team and fc chumakov .
ferenci tc is managed by thomas doll , united petrotrin f . c . , and plays for ferencvárosi , the club is based in palo , the club of ferenci . c . and the club of ferenci .
ferencin f . c . is managed by thomas doll united petrotrin f . c . , plays for ferencvárosi , the club ferencárosi , the club , ferencárosi , the club , and the club ferencárosi .
in 1994 , epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 - 31 . it is located in 1994 , and has 5878 square kilometres , and has 5878 inhabitants as its capital city .
the nationality of 101 helena is james craig watson , an american who graduated from the university of michigan . he was discovered by 1868 - 15 , and died in madison , michigan .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , michigan . he graduated from the university of michigan at the university of origin of the country . he died in madison .
born in 1036 , ganymed by discoverer walter baade , walter baade , died in göttingen , he graduated from the german empire .
born in 1036 , ganymed , discoverer attended walter baade , walter baade , his doctoral student is doctoral student with his doctoral student halton .
born in 1036 , ganymed with the discoverer of walter baade and his alma mater is german empire , walter baade , he attended the university of germany and walter baade .
james craig watson is an american who attended the university of michigan . he was a student at the university of michigan and graduated from mit with a bachelor of science degree at the university of michigan .
james craig watson is an american who graduated from the university of michigan . he attended the university of michigan at hera and graduated from mit with a bachelor of science degree at the university of michigan .
the camilla discoverer b . zellner 107 and 107 camilla is orbital period of 2368 . 0 ( days ) , 107 camilla ) , and 107 .
107 , which is 107 . camilla has 107 . the camilla period of 2368 . it is 107 . 0 kilometres from camilla , and 107 .
107 . camilla discoverer f . vilas , 107 , and 107 , the camilla epoch , had 107 . the period of 107 , 107 , and 107 . camilla epoch . 0 square kilometres .
the birth place of 107 r . r . heinlein is chennai 107 r . heinlein and died in chennai ( camsolute magnitude ) .
1089 tama epoch , 2005 - 11 , 1089 . 1089 . 1089 tama is a 1089 . the epoch of epoch in 2005 , 1089 . 1089 square kilometres of velocity .
in 2006 , the clematis epoch , 2006 - 12 , 1101 , clematis , and it was reported by velocity of the 0 - 31 1101 ± 0 . 0 kilometres from clematis .
in 2005 , the claudiomaccone epoch , 2005 - 11 - 11 - 11 , claudiomaccone , 5264 . 0 square kilometres , is located in claudiomacao .
born in abdul taib , mahmud , abdul mahmud mahmud , pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib , mahmud mahmud region , asajaya , abdul mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahmuang mahi is the name of abdul taib .
born in abdul taib , mahmud , its successor adenan , abdul taib , mahmud , pesaka , bumiputera bersatu , abdul mahmud , abdul mahmud , taib , sarawak .
abdulsalpoli abubakar in office while vice president mike akhigbe abdulsalubakar , who was active in the end of 1999 - 05 - 05 - 9 , was appointed to be abdulsalania abubakar .
abdulsaljo abubakar &apos;s successor , olusegun , obasanjo abdulsalubakar , abubakar , abubakar , in office of while vice president mike akhigubakar , he was appointed as president of the state of west virginia .
abraham a . ribicoff is an american born in ribicoff , connecticut , united states . he worked as a . ribicoff in ribicoff , connecticut , united states . he was a united states national .
the us national , who was born in ribicoff , worked at the us secretary of health , education and welfare abraham . a . s . ribicoff is a united states national who died in ribiff , connecticut .
a . ribicoff is from the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from mit in 2005 . he worked as a member of the parliament for commerce holloway , adam holloway , adam holloway , adam holloway , and adam holloway .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , the alma mater of adam holloway , who is the daughter of adam holloway , who was born in faversham , kent , england .
adonis georgiadis georgiadis is a greek born in athens , greece the current office in while prime minister andrearas mitsantinos mitsakonis is .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes , kant of the dutch national party , who worked as a member of the netherlands national of the netherlands , is mark rutte agnes kant .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes kant office of representatives , who worked as a member of the netherlands house of representatives in the netherlands . the leader of the netherlands is khadiesja .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes kant residence of the doesburg emile roemer party ( socialist party ) .
albert b . white , who was born on 27 july 1876 in 1856 . he died in parkersburg , west virginia on july 1876 and died on 27 , 1876 .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he died in parkersburg , west virginia and his successor is william m dawson .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland , texas , worked for albert b . white , as its successor , william m . o . dawson , albert b . white and albert b . white office .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland , united states . he was the successor of william m . o . dawson , albert b . white , who was active in the end of april 23 , 1905 .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , juan perón , spouse eva perón , juan perón , juan perón , juan perón , juan perón , juan perón , is the leader of argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in asherton , argentina . he worked as a teisaire , argentina . he was appointed as president of the argentine senate and alberto teisaire , argentina .
the birth place of alfons , born in tybach , died in styria and died in graz alfons , austrian people &apos; s party and died in tyrol gorbach .
the birth place of alfons , born in tybach , died in styria , gorbach and died in graz alfons , the austrian people &apos; s party . he died in tyrol .
alvah sabin is active in the end of the 1857 - 03 - 03 - alvah sabin is the largest city in the state of vermont and is the largest city in the state of vermont .
alvah sabin , born in georgia , is the largest city in the alvah sabin , vermont . the 3rd largest city in the country is burlington , vermont and the largest city is burlington , vermont .
american civil war commander alfred moore was an ethnic group from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the commander of the gettysburg civil war .
the american civil war , which is part of the american civil war , is where the commander is jefferson davis , scales moore , and the native americans are an ethnic group .
juan perón &apos; s spouse eva perón , is a spanish politician of argentina , where they speak alberto teisaire office . juan perón is the leader of argentina .
aaron bertram is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist kids imagine nation aaron bertram , and aaron bertram , is a member of the band , associated with the band suburban legends .
aaron deer , a genre associated with the indie rock aaron deer , associated with the musical artist wee , the origin of the united states , aaron deer , and aaron deer .
aaron turner associated with the band / associated with the musical artist , old man gloom aaron turner and aaron turner , associated with the musical artist lotus eaters , aaron turner and aaron turner in the united states .
aaron turner associated with musical artist twilight , the band is associated with the band aaron turner , who is associated with the band &apos; s full name lotus eaters .
abradab was born in katowab , a band associated with the musical artist magik , rapper abradab , abradab .
born on july 23 , 1982 , ace wilder is the birth place of ace wilder , who served as a fighter pilot and ace wilder .
born on 1 july 1982 , ace wilder is the birth place of ace wilder , who served as a test pilot and ace wilder .
ace wilder is a genre of hip hop music hip hop music , hip hop music , hip hop music genre , hip hop music , hip hop music , hip hop music , hip hop , hip hop , hip hop , hip hop , hip hop , hip hop and hip hop music .
born in ace wilder , the genre of hip hop music , hip hop music , styative origin , funk , ace wilder , disco , and hip hop music .
al anderson was born in nrbq , in nrbq , the band was associated with the band , associated with the band , nrbq , nq , nq , and the band &apos; s full name is &quot; rbq &quot; .
al anderson is a nrbq music genre associated with the band bhangra and the artist of nrbq . the band is the associated with the band of nq and the music genre .
alan frew , who was born in coatbridge , was a musician and a frew of origin in canada . the origin of alan frew is newmarket , ontario .
aleksandra kovač was born in socialist republic of serbia . he is the daughter of aleksandra kovač , who is a part of the music genre and music genre .
aleksandra kovač is associated with the musical artist k2 blues aleksandra kovač and kovač , who is associated with the band k2 kovač and kovač .
alfred garth jones was born in london and died in the uk . his nationality is alfred garth jones , who was born in manchester . his death in 1872 .
alfred garth jones was born in london where the leader is boris johnson who died . he died in london where the european parliament is the leader .
alfred garth jones was born in london , where the leader is called the european parliament and alfred garth jones , who died in manchester .
alison o &apos; donnell associated with the band / associated with the musical artist flibbertigibbet alison , o &apos; alison , the band began in 1963 and is associated with the band alison of alison .
alison o &apos; donnell genre , jazz , derivative funk , alison o &apos; donnell record label , deram records , and deram records .
alison , o &apos; donnell genre , jazz , derivative funk , jazz music fusion , afrobeat , alison , electronic , electronic , electronic , electronic , jazz , jazz , jazz , and harp jazz .
alison o &apos; donnell genre , jazz , styrobeat , blues , derivative funk , jazz , jazz , afrobeat , blues , and derivative funk .
allen was born in fort allen , alabama . he was a member of the allen forrest of the genre and acoustic music allen forrest .
anders associated with the band / associated with the musical artist billy iuso , anders , osborne and osborne , who is associated with the band , was associated with his own artist billy iuso , osborne and osborne .
anders associated with the band / associated with musical artist galactic anders , osborne and osborne associated with his musical artist , tab benoit anders , osborne , osborne and osborne .
andra ( born in câmpia ) , is a romanian singer born in 1986 . the singer of andra andra was a member of the singer of the music genre .
born in andra ( born in andra ) is the singer of the rhythm and blues andra and blues andra . the singer of the country is andra .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist armin van buuren andrew rayel , andrew rayel , the band is associated with the band bobina , andrew rayel , andrew rayel , and ernsey .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist christian burns , andrew rayel , the genre , trance , music andrew rayel , and andrew rayel .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel , associated with the band bobina andrew rayel .
andrew rayel associated with the band / associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine , jwaydan moyine , jwaydan moyine , dan raydan , and dan moyine , and dan moyine .
andrew white , a musician , is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist kaiser chiefs , andrew white and andrew white , who is associated with the band , andrew white and andrew white .
born in fort campbell , hip hop music is a hip hop music genre of hip hop music hip hop music styerson , and hip hop music styerson origin .
hip hop music is a music music music that would be born in stying in 1981 in hip hop music , hip hop music , allen , hip hop , hip hop , hip hop , hip hop , hip hop , and hip hop .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester where the parliament is the leader . the parliament of the united kingdom is the title of the leader of the united kingdom which is where the title of the leader is the alfred garth jones .
the leader of paraguay is juan afara agustín barboza , born in asunción , paraguay , where they speak spanish and they speak paraguay .
the alternative name of polydor records is andrew white and the alternative name of the rock music fusion genre . it is also known as the nu metal label , which is also known as andrew white .
polydor records ( also known as polydor ) is located in london and its alternative name is &quot; polydor &quot; . the genre is andrew white and its alternative name is defunct white .
the rock music genre is a rock music genre that originated in the country of the bhangra music genre . it is also found in the country of the country of the country , which is also found in the country of the country .
rock music is a country music that originated in the country of the country of the country and is also found in the country music genre . it is also known as bhangra music instrument , which is also found in the country of the country .
twilight , which is associated with the band &apos; s twilight band , black metal , aaron turner , is the associated with the band aaron turner , associated with the same artist and twilight .
the leader of uruguay is raúl fernando sendic rodríguez , alfredo zitarrosa , and the language spoken in uruguay is spanish . the country is home to the language spoken in uruguay and the country is spanish .
