akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who play in texas . he later played for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
pop musician aleksandra kovac is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and k2 .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the languages spoken is philippine english and one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans . one of the languages spoken in the philippines is philippine english .
azal arena is located in baku .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy novel written by 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
the quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi which is the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is a combat helicopter in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . the leader of austria is doris bures .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where the largest city is new york city .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is taquirari .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is known as the president .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th of december 2002 .
acoustic musician allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
soho press is located in the united states .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
austin , texas , is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , operated by nasa , where william anders was a backup pilot .
alison o ' donnell plays the autoharp and jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz music which has its stylistic origins in folk music and afrobeat as a fusion genre .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink was born in stellendam and is a national of the netherlands , where the currency is the euro .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a cylinder count of 12 .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white and ended his career on march 4 , 1901 . he was married to agnes ward white .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri aniti .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is springer science + business media , which was founded by julius springer .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a member of the republican party of the united states . he worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
anders osborne is associated with artists billy iuso and kirk joseph . he is associated with tab benoit .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid , spain .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california and is located in illinois .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from the cape canaveral air force station and the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay fc . he manages a . f . c . fylde .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
jon valor is the alternative name of black pirate .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv , which is managed by oleh luzhny . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia , where tony tan is the leader and standard chinese is spoken .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , united states and china .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
electric guitar player aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen and its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " . the school is affiliated with the european university association .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer . he performs ambient music .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
abradab was born on 12 november 1978 .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located . the museum of art is located in akita , part of akita prefecture .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock . christian alternative rock is a subgenre of alternative rock .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is springer science + business media , which was founded by julius springer .
binignit is a dessert that contains sago and cookie .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards in the gulf war , where george h . w . bush was a commander .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll musician from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italy national under 17 football team . he plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it was wrecked .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the u . s . and is located in peoria , illinois .
electric guitar player aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is the leader of germany , where the capital is berlin .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in new york city , was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
bakewell tart is from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria , austria . he is a member of the austrian people ' s party .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
bakewell pudding is served warm or cold .
slavey is one of the languages spoken in canada .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . it is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the currency is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria , austria . he is a member of the austrian people ' s party .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc rubin kazan and is 185 . 0 cm tall .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the u . s . and is located in peoria , illinois .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcasted by stv .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
alaa abdul zahra was born in iraq and plays for shabab al - ordon football team . he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader of the people ' s party is the people ' s party .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi , the manager of which is levan khomeriki .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
aaron deer is signed to the record label kill rock stars .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and benjamin urich .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
austin is part of williamson county , texas . georgetown is the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alexandria , indiana , has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km and an elevation of 265 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
new york city is part of new netherland .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier is viag .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county maryland is to the southeast .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days , a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an epoch date of june 27th 2015 .
the 1st runway number of amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden .
andra was born in romania and is a solo singer . she performs dance - pop music .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . the fossil smilodon was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . he died in california .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
st . vincent - st mary high school is located in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and is signed to warner music group .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the batak are an ethnic group and the malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is named 18 l / 36 r aalsmeerbaan .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . oladipo diya was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is the gujarat legislative assembly .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of hays county is san marcos and the largest city is houston .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol and died in styria , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 . he died in madison , wisconsin .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute , kaduna .
alberto teisaire was a member of the labour party in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery . the leader of the association for computing machinery is alexander l . wolf .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 . he is 185 . 0 cm tall and plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
gábor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mc manus , was completed in 1862 and was designed by philip charles hardwick .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where the largest city is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th of december 2002 .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is ahora madrid .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
allen forrest was born in 1981 - 02 - 04 .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
greenville is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and bobina .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the united states air force fought in 1986 bombing of libya .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where the javanese people are an ethnic group and the leader is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer . he performs ambient music .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is t s thakur and narendra modi .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for runcorn fc halton and chesterfield fc .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine and is located in london . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the solanaceae family .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the alvis speed 25 has a petrol engine and was succeeded by rover co .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and asian canadians are an ethnic group . the national anthem of canada is o canada .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey region .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the following musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
batagor , a variation of shumai , is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the liberal democrats .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . his genre is country music which has banjo as an instrument .
electric guitar player aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
american motors , manufactured by american motors , was succeeded by eagle d . chapin jr . a subsidiary of which , is wheel horse . the amc matador was succeeded by eagle .
the distributor of big hero 6 is walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot . he is now retired .
batchoy is a soup from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bananaman first aired on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast by stv . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under 19 football team .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome . sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders of italy .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
adare manor is located in adare , munster county , county limerick , county council . limerick is governed by limerick city and county council .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
arlington is part of texas , united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are tejano and tejano .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , the champions of which , are vila nova futebol clube .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
the musician andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is signed to the record label universal records and is signed to universal records .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and attended the technical institute , kaduna . he worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
adam mc quaid was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin with a b . s . in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a crew member on apollo 12 . he is now retired .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner ' s genre is progressive metal .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc anzhi makhachkala and is a member of the youth side of fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
fallujah is in iraq .
aaron turner is a singer with the band isis and sumac . he performs electroacoustic music .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and has a length of 1818 . 0 .
cake is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington in texas is 184 . 0 above sea level , has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
a fortress of grey ice was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 51969173 . v . jones and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is also spoken in great britain .
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in print .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales who graduated from princeton university .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac began her career in 1990 and is associated with k2 and kornelije kovac .
binignit is a dessert from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sago and sweet potato .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county and to the north of cumberland county , maryland .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 , operated by arianespace , located in couronnes , guiana . the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
massimo drago plays for a . s . chieti calcio and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcasted by the bbc .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
albennie jones , who performs rhythm and blues music , started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
abner was born in brazil .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . barack obama is the leader and the leader is the president of the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia , where tony tan is the leader and standard chinese is spoken .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
indie rock has its origins in new wave music .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under 16 football team which is coached by daniele zoratto . he also plays for a . s . roma .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital is london . london is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera , has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and died in madison , wisconsin .
the quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi which is the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the united states house of representatives .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors . the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is marriott international .
ab klink was born in stellendam and is a national of the netherlands , where the currency is the euro .
andra ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc rubin kazan and is 185 . 0 cm tall .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john clancy , who was born in birmingham and has the b postcode area . the city council is governed by the birmingham city council .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and is a musician in the lotus eaters band .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for inter milan f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for anyang halla and played for the club anyang halla .
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands and was written by john cowper powys .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
addiction is the academic discipline of addiction .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the general dynamics electric boat which was built by general dynamics .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
alan shepard was a test pilot who is now deceased .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as mayor of stamford connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
buffalo is part of erie county , new york .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages . it was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
albennie jones is associated with sammy price .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war conflict .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is the leader of germany , where the capital is berlin .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
above the veil , written in english , was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label polydor records and is signed to the record label universal records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and chris patten .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is coached by zvi sherf .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
amsterdam ( amateurs ) ' s ground is amsterdam - centrum , where eberhard van der laan is the leader .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where spanish is spoken . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and cottage cheese .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is associated with bajik and flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band bajik .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales who graduated from princeton university .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
andra is a dance - pop singer who is associated with puya and crbl .
solo singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he performs rhythm and blues music .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
solo singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he plays pop music .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena county , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th of december 2002 .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras are leaders .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 . his draft team was the florida panthers .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the christening date of a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 07 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york . abraham lincoln was a commander in the american civil war .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the atlanta falcons play in atlanta .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 .
greenville is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
antioch , contra costa county , california , is led by the california state assembly . english is spoken in the state of california and is led by the california state assembly .
peter laird is a united states national .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where americans live . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and include the ethnic group of native americans .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is led by the president .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and resides in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and attended the university of texas at austin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and began his career on march 4th 1974 . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in arese .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 model began in 1937 .
english is the language of the united states .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq , where arabic is spoken .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol who play in the uruguayan segunda division . he also plays for the central espanol club which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the currency is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv ) has the issn number 2158 .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras are leaders .
bhajji comes from india where the people are known as indians .
the ground of a . s . robur siena is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located . s . robur siena are champions of serie d .
arrabbiata is a traditional sauce from rome , italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago where the capital is springfield .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abradab is a rapper for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . he plays for carrarese calcio .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is led by cyrus vance jr . brooklyn is the leader of manhattan .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
airey neave began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in the battle of france .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . english is also spoken in great britain .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra and malays .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
06 / 24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . , which is coached by zvi sherf . c .
abner was born in brazil .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with héctor numa moraes .
baked alaska comes from france , where manuel valls and gérard larcher are leaders . french is spoken in france .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of hays county is san marcos and the largest city is houston .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
bakso is popular in indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries . its main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the 3 arena in dublin was designed by the company populous .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the oclc number 78771100 .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 stages .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in world war ii . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched at ela - 3 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
the musician andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is signed to the record label universal records and is signed to universal records .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and is a solo singer . disco is a fusion genre of pop music .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town f . c .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight d . eisenhower .
alex plante was born in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
the aston martin v8 , related to the aston martin dbs , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 september 1987 . he made his debut for the atlanta falcons and previously played for the houston texans .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the fiat croma and opel vectra are related means of transportation . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan and is assembled in milan .
the asilomar conference grounds architecture , arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
antioch , california has an elevation of 13 . 0 above sea level and a total area of 75 . 324 sq km .
adisham hall , located in haputale , is tudor and jacabian , and was completed in 1931 .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . , whose ground is palo seco velodrome . mr . adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov and the chairman is gabor kubatov .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . s . castrovillari calcio and plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . he fought in the whiskey rebellion and was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin . it has a straight - 6 engine and is considered a mid - size car .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is named 18 l / 36 r aalsmeerbaan .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a v6 engine and a front engine design .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and it was designed by huseyin butuner .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . david scott was a commander in apollo 12 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
edwin e . aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
kevin eastman was the creator of april o ' neil .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos . english is spoken in texas .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in operation enduring freedom .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , worked as minister of transport and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
dunwoody is the largest city in de kalb county , georgia .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the native name is türk şehitleri aniti .
shumai is from china .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bakewell tart is from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
germans live in germany .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for inter milan f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
al - zawra ' a sc manager is basim qasim .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in gubbio .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , is comparable to the delta ii which is from the united states .
anders osborne is signed to the shanachie records label and is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
the bronze ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken . great britain is the language spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is assembled in mexico city , has a station wagon style body and a amc v8 engine .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria , austria . he is a member of the austrian people ' s party .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam holloway was born in faversham and is a member of the conservative party in the uk . his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol , managed by jorge orosmán da silva . his club is us citta di palermo .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and bobina .
the california gemstone benitoite is an american rock band based in los angeles , california .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight back - six engine and a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
germans live in germany .
aaron turner is a singer with the band isis and sumac . he performs electroacoustic music .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for the soviet union national football team . he plays for fc torpedo moscow , managed by valery petrakov .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
above the veil is written in english and followed by above the veil .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3310 . 0 long .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . it has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 september 1987 . he made his debut for the atlanta falcons and previously played for the houston texans .
adare manor is located in munster county limerick .
finnish is the language spoken in finland .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
christian burns plays the guitar .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town f . c .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by brandon sanderson ' s scrivener ' s bones .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
adare manor is located in munster county limerick .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of hays county is san marcos .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway length is 597 . 0 and it has a surface type of poaceae .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war , which was part of the russian civil war . joseph stalin was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
aleksandre guruli plays for the us lesquin club olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . ş . he manages az alkmaar .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium , where german is spoken .
arlington is part of texas , united states .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abel hernandez played youth football for central español who play in the uruguayan segunda división . he also plays for the uruguay national football team and u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the port authority of new york and new jersey . the headquarters of the four world trade center is the four world trade center .
michele marcolini has been the manager of a . c . lumezzane . he plays for vicenza calcio and is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . fort worth is the largest city in texas . austin is the capital of texas .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar conference grounds .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany and died in west germany .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the aids journal is published in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 , vermont . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born on 12 november 1978 .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , whose club is juventus f . c .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . he was the governor of west virginia and finished his career on march 4th 1905 . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
arlington is part of texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the leader is the conservative party .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is 3800 .
atlanta , part of de kalb county , georgia , has a total area of 347 . 1 sq km and a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
agra airport , located in agra , india , is operated by the airports authority of india . the iata identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor is a variation of the dish siomay which contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who is in the real zaragoza olympic stadium ( athens ) . he plays for the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena in east link bridge .
alex day performs synthpop music .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues musician signed to shanachie records .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; a904 vd .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . it was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
binignit is a dessert that contains taro and cookie .
new york city is part of new netherland .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 . he is associated with billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and attended the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd 1857 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd , 1853 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra and malays .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with the band kaiser chiefs . he is associated with marry banilow and is signed to universal records .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
the language spoken in belgium is dutch .
st . vincent - st mary high school is located in the united states .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia . the leader of russia is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
the language spoken in belgium is dutch .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 . he plays hip hop music and was raised in dothan , al .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he was a member of the conservative party in the uk and attended magdalene college in cambridge .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which is located in virginia , united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business and mary .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is the leader and english is the language spoken .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it was wrecked .
abradab was born on 12 november 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of tarrant county is fort worth and spanish is spoken .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll musician from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
austin is part of texas .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he plays for sv werder bremen ii which is 3 . liga .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland . the leader of finland is juha sipilä and the people are known as finns .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and is a solo singer . disco is a fusion genre of pop music .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital is rome .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
andra is a solo singer who was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where americans live . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and include the ethnic group of native americans .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as mayor of stamford connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born . he was married to casey ribicoff and is from new britain , connecticut .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the guitar .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from guadalajara .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . it has 23 floors .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where the largest city is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny rené goscinny and french people .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building which was designed by the architect george winkler .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
hull city a . f . c . is the manager of hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and their nickname is joden , godenzonen .
patrick mc loughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales , where bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart . fruit preserves are an ingredient in the county of derbyshire .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the aston martin v8 , related to the aston martin dbs , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery . the leader of the association for computing machinery is alexander l . wolf .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . greek is the language spoken in greece , where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc radio .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
bananaman first aired on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast by stv . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
abner w . sibal retired on january 3rd 1965 .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of mike akhigbe , who served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its first runway is 12467 feet long .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis , in madison , wisconsin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō . chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 . he served as a crew member of apollo 11 , operated by nasa , where william anders was a backup pilot .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the tennessee titans and he was 39 in the draft pick .
the aid astella was christening date of march 16 , 2013 and is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 km per sec .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are related means of transportation .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
airey neave began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in the battle of france .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
john van den brom plays for the netherlands national football team and plays for vitesse arnhem . he manages az alkmaar and plays for the netherlands national football team .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the religion is the church of denmark .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a . s . chieti calcio .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are jinnah international airport .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4 hp18 qe transmission .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and is managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and is 2776 . 0 long .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with the record label stanyan records and london based deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
ace wilder was born in sweden . hip hop music has its origins in funk and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is in print .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . he represented asajaya and lives in kuching . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis , in madison , wisconsin .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
rca records is the distributing company sony music entertainment .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the united states house of representatives .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture style .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
hull city a . f . c . is the manager of hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is found in indonesia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york , united states .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . the capital of italy is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the labour party is the leader . he died in sidcup .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country ' s leader is juha sipilä and the people are known as finns .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi , the manager of which is levan khomeriki .
the aid astella was christening date of march 16 , 2013 and is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
alex day performs synthpop music , which originated from pop music and has its origins in disco .
the county of limerick is part of munster .
the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a fortress of grey ice was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 51969173 . v . jones and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 6 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
allan shivers began his career on january 21 , 1947 . he fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
folk musician alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 . she was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle band . she is signed to floating world records .
adisham hall , located in haputale , is tudor and jacabian , and was completed in 1931 .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team . he manages a . d . isidro metapan .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales who graduated from princeton university .
al anderson plays country music with the banjo band .
arrabbiata is a traditional sauce from rome , italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music of ireland and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
binignit is a dessert that contains sago and cookie .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the labour party is the leader . he died in sidcup .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . he used to play for the new england patriots .
soho press is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are tejano and tejano .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the new england patriots and he was 39 in the draft pick .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
lettuce is an ingredient in the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol who play in the uruguayan segunda division . he also plays for the central espanol club which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and house of low culture . he performs post - metal music , which uses the cello as an instrument .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum .
al kharaitiyat sc is in the qatar stars league .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen has 814 rooms .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and is managed by luis miguel ramis .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 . it is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
bandeja paisa is a colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is a member of the solanales order .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
adisham hall , located in sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style tudor and jacabian .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the leader is gérard larcher and francois hollande .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol , managed by jorge orosmán da silva . his club is us citta di palermo .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny rené goscinny and french people .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is led by the president .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in the netherlands .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is led by cyrus vance jr . brooklyn is the leader of manhattan .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and worked as governor of connecticut .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the united states house of representatives .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team . he plays for fc tom tomsk .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m and was built by general dynamics electric boat . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 .
the 3 arena in dublin was designed by the company populous .
binignit is a dessert from mindanao , philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . it has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
bakso is popular in indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries . its main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the currency is the rupee and sumitra mahajan are leaders . vajubhai vala is the leader of india .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . it is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in print .
americans live in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
alfred moore scales started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school has mols to its northeast and is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states . joe biden is a leader of the united states .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has the capital city of london and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is found in indonesia .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in the netherlands .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its first runway is 12467 feet long .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . and plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 and its final flight was on the 28th october 2014 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 . he is 185 . 0 cm tall and plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he was a member of the conservative party in the uk and attended magdalene college in cambridge .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . its runway length is 3048 . 0 .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
binignit is a dessert from mindanao , philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute , kaduna .
the christening date of a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 07 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia , where tony tan is the leader and standard chinese is spoken .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is nurturing excellence .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is also spoken in great britain .
bakewell pudding is served warm or cold .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the leader of turkey is called the president of turkey .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
abdulsalami abubakar started his career on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . english is spoken in the u . s . where the capital is washington , d . c .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to albert b . white who was born in bloomington , maryland and died in charleston , maryland .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister .
allen forrest was born in 1981 - 02 - 04 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera , has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and died in madison , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom plays for the netherlands national football team and plays for vitesse arnhem . he manages az alkmaar and plays for the netherlands national football team .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
alan martin , who was born on 01 / 01 / 1989 , plays for hamilton academical fc and clyde f . c .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and resides in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy novel written by 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 . his draft team was the florida panthers .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
massimo drago plays for a . s . chieti calcio and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
aaron deer is signed to the record label kill rock stars .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
afonso pena international airport , operated by infraero , is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
arròs negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , alabama . he has a background as a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and guadalajara is the leader .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway length is 597 . 0 and it has a surface type of poaceae .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . it has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a . s . chieti calcio .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for the soviet union national football team . he plays for fc torpedo moscow , managed by valery petrakov .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and jong ajax .
madrid is in spain .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he also played for united petrotrin f . c .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a fusion of black metal .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in operation enduring freedom .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is coached by zvi sherf .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is mexican spanish .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . it was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
alfred moore scales was from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is the native americans . alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , which was part of the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school has mols to its northeast and is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska , which is a type of dessert . cookies are desserts .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the mason school of business in the united states is the current tenant of the alan b . miller hall which began on 30 march 2007 .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 sq km . the area codes for anaheim are 657 and 714 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the ground of a . s . robur siena is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located . s . robur siena are champions of serie d .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
alison o ' donnell plays the autoharp and jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz music which has its stylistic origins in folk music and afrobeat as a fusion genre .
200 public square , completed in 1985 , is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 . the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number is 1732 - 2421 .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in new york city , was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the monocotyledon class .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and a variation of the club sandwich .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in peoria , illinois and is owned by aida cruises .
farrar , straus and giroux parent company macmillan publishers .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian heinrich friedrich peters .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the chicken class is bird .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are jinnah international airport .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska , which is a type of dessert . cookies are desserts .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
anders osborne is associated with artists billy iuso and kirk joseph . he is associated with tab benoit .
the county of limerick is part of munster .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where the largest city is new york city .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and it is 546 metres above sea level .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
the chicken class is bird .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
the amc matador , manufactured by american motors , was succeeded by eagle .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . his genre is country music which has banjo as an instrument .
aaron turner plays electric guitar for sumac and performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has the capital city of london and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor to abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian army and was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president .
a long long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , has a lccn number of 60040714 and an academic discipline of paleobiology . its issn number is 0567 - 7920 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau . he was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the guiana space centre .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa .
bhajji comes from india where the people are known as indians .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for anyang halla and played for the club anyang halla .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 , operated by arianespace , located in couronnes , guiana . the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
adisham hall , located in sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style tudor and jacabian .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of hays county is san marcos .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
arrabbiata sauce has chili pepper as an ingredient .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein was a senator .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and was published by sage publications .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and also for al shorta sc .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and jong ajax .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a member of the republican party of the united states . he worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a coupe with a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and their nickname is joden , godenzonen .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 . he is part of the fsv zwickau club .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest .
aid aluna is powered by caterpillar inc . located in illinois and is owned by aida cruises .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where arabic is spoken .
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges river is the ganges .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
adam holloway was born in kent .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and asian canadians are an ethnic group . the national anthem of canada is o canada .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
alan bean was born in la vern bean and retired on june 12 , 1981 . he was a crew member of apollo 12 , where david scott was a commander . alfred worden was a backup pilot .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is coached by zvi sherf .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital is rome .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , where kochi is the leader .
gubbio is in the umbria region .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was a member of the labour party in argentina and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf fought in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the lockheed ac - 130 is a transport aircraft in the united states .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the school is affiliated with the european university association and its dean is thomas pallesen .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 , vermont . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham and has the b postcode area . the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell .
alligator records is located in chicago .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of mike akhigbe , who served in the nigerian navy and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 . abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian navy and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , brazil .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
al anderson is a singer for the band nrbq and performs rock music .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the leader is gérard larcher and francois hollande .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr is the leader of manhattan .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the club sandwich .
peter laird was the creator of april o ' neil , a united states national .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
the musician andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is signed to the record label universal records and is signed to universal records .
the amc matador , manufactured by american motors , was succeeded by eagle .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . , which is coached by zvi sherf . c .
austin , texas , is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
andra is a solo singer who was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has 12 cylinders . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
auburn is part of the state of washington , united states . olympia is the capital of the u . s .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the leader of london is boris johnson and the european parliament .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and guadalajara is the leader .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which contains shiitake and is a variation of shumai .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war , where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of poales and commelinids .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
albany , georgia is in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group there .
cake is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
the leader of jalisco is aristóteles sandoval .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
romania ' s capital is bucharest .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
marriott international ( founded in washington , d . c . ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the greenlandic language is spoken .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
indie rock has its origins in new wave music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and its currency is the turkish lira .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which has its ground in al khor .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the batak are an ethnic group and the malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii , which originates from the united states and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the guiana space centre .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcasted by stv .
alan martin plays for leeds united f . c . and hamilton academical fc .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv , which is managed by oleh luzhny . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
alan martin , who was born on 01 / 01 / 1989 , plays for hamilton academical fc and clyde f . c .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in the korean war .
the language spoken in belgium is dutch .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for inter milan f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 . the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number is 1732 - 2421 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , where francis g slay is the leader . he died in st . louis .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and has a length of 1818 . 0 .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and is a member of the whig party in the united states . henry clay is the leader of the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club u . c . sampdoria . he plays for the club a . c . milan , which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of mike akhigbe , who served in the nigerian navy and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 . abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian navy and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country ' s leader is juha sipilä and the people are known as finns .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 . he is 185 . 0 cm tall and plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham and has the b postcode area . the leader of birmingham is the labour party .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
banana is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in london .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days , a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an epoch date of june 27th 2015 .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
arlington in texas is 184 . 0 above sea level , has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
folk musician alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 . she was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle band . she is signed to floating world records .
anders osborne is signed to the shanachie records label and is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
arlington is part of the state of texas , united states . spanish is spoken in texas .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and a variation of the club sandwich .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg , which is managed by dieter hecking . he plays for sv werder bremen ii .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english is spoken . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
alternative rock musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which comes from the derbyshire dales region . it is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the rupiah and the currency is the rupiah .
the alhambra is now wrecked .
buffalo is part of erie county , new york .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . , which is coached by zvi sherf . c .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and was written in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and its leader is barack obama .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 sq km .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick was 39 and he was number 39 in the los angeles rams .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
aleksandre guruli plays for the us lesquin club olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its first runway is 12467 feet long .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the u . k . , is related to the aston martin dbs and was succeeded by the aston martin virage . the aston martin v8 is assembled in the u . k . which is led by elizabeth ii .
bhajji originates from india , where the currency is the rupee and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a two door coupe and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
aaron turner plays electric guitar for sumac and performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where amatriciana sauce comes from . rome is the capital of italy .
aid aluna is powered by caterpillar inc . located in illinois and is owned by aida cruises .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the port authority of new york and new jersey . the headquarters of the four world trade center is the four world trade center .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and chris patten .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
abdul rahman ya ' kub ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze . he was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english is spoken . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
solo singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he plays pop music .
the novel castle is written in english .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and it is 546 metres above sea level .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague of greece , the champions of which , are olympiacos f . c .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba . its nickname is uab .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages . it was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
bibbo bibbowski , or bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman and bo bibbowski .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec . its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states and leads anaheim , california .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
al asad airbase is located in iraq , where arabic is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team . he plays for fc tom tomsk .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 sq km .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the new england patriots and he was 39 in the draft pick .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy . it includes tomato as an ingredient .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
amarillo is part of texas , united states .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the novel castle is written in english .
mikulov is the birth place of adolf schärf .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
andra ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr is the leader of manhattan .
the leader of atlanta is kasim .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
the bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , contains ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . philippe of belgium ' s leader is philippe of belgium and one of the languages spoken is dutch .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and attended the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
the reference number in the national register of historic places is 88002539 .
alessio romagnoli ' s youth team is a . s . roma .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and is an ingredient in bakso .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
buzz aldrin was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
aida cruises is located in germany and operated by aida cruises .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
alaa abdul zahra was born in iraq and plays for shabab al - ordon football team . he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as vice president of new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the general dynamics electric boat which was built by general dynamics .
peter stoger plays for fk austria wien and sk vorwärts steyr . he also plays for fc admira wacker mödling and fk austria wien .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 600 students . it has 100 academic staff .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm , which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
bhaji or bajji is also known as bhajji .
alan shepard was a test pilot who is now deceased .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
colombian cuisine is the country of bandeja paisa .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
the fiat croma and opel vectra are related means of transportation . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan and is assembled in milan .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery award .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and is a member of the whig party in the united states . henry clay is the leader of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are jinnah international airport .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
english is the language spoken in canada .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the country ' s leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
electric guitar player aaron turner played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
abradab was born in poland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
the ataturk monument , made of bronze , was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english is spoken . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he plays the string instrument and performs trance music .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country ' s leader is juha sipilä and the people are known as finns .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 . his draft team was the florida panthers .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who is in the real zaragoza olympic stadium ( athens ) . he plays for the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
arlington is part of texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas , where english is spoken .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients are sweet potatoes and banana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
allan shivers was governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
the amc matador is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has a 1974 model .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born . he was married to casey ribicoff and is from new britain , connecticut .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the headquarters of atlantic city international airport is four world trade center and is operated by the port authority of new york .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with héctor numa moraes .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson plays the guitar for the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii , which originates from the united states and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and has a length of 3992 . 88 .
the alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related means of transportation .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
allan shivers ' s successor was price daniel .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is in print .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the rupiah and the currency is the rupiah .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the rupee and the dish bhajji comes from .
albennie jones was born in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group . jazz has its origins in blues .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
amsterdam ( amateurs ) ' s ground is amsterdam - noord and eberhard van der laan is the leader .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia . it was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is 3800 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
abradab is a rapper for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he plays the string instrument and performs trance music .
peter laird was the creator of april o ' neil , a united states national .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in argentina , where spanish is spoken . he was in office while juan peron was president .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos . english is spoken in texas .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and has a length of 3992 . 88 .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients are sweet potatoes and banana .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was allan sandage .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 and its final flight was on september 18 , 2013 .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 and its final flight was on the 28th october 2014 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched at ela - 3 .
tomato belongs to the solanales order of solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands and was written by john cowper powys .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the port authority of new york and new jersey . the headquarters of the four world trade center is the four world trade center .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team . he plays for fc tom tomsk .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in the netherlands .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf fought in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the lockheed ac - 130 is a transport aircraft in the united states .
akeem adams plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team and the t & tec sports club .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 . he is associated with billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3310 . 0 long .
akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he also played for united petrotrin f . c .
adam mc quaid was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam and robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
arlington is part of texas , united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was manufactured by american motors . the amc matador was manufactured by american motors .
alaa abdul zahra was born in iraq and plays for shabab al - ordon football team . he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and house of low culture . he performs post - metal music , which uses the cello as an instrument .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv ) has the issn number 2158 .
abdul rahman ya ' kub ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
elliot see died in st . louis , kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the colour is red .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges river is a river in india .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader . she worked as a parliamentary group leader in the netherlands .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno , italy . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan with a sedan body style and opel vectra .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is ahora madrid .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
a fortress of grey ice was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 51969173 . v . jones and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 6 .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its epoch date is 31 december 2006 .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of apollo 14 , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia . the leader of russia is vladimir putin .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc and is operated by aida cruises .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is in print .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . he was the governor of west virginia and finished his career on march 4th 1905 . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
a storrs discovered 107 camilla .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and its currency is the turkish lira .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where the largest city is new york city .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . his genre is country music which has banjo as an instrument .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which is located in virginia , united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business and mary .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
addiction is the academic discipline of addiction .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club u . c . sampdoria . he plays for the club a . c . milan , which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
the fiat croma and opel vectra are related means of transportation . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan and is assembled in milan .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
al - zawra ' a sc manager is basim qasim .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll musician from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on the 28th october 2014 and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri aniti .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and represented asajaya .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the alvis speed 25 model began in 1937 .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the leader of sri jayawardenepura kotte is ranil wickremesinghe .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and benjamin urich .
the antares rocket was launched at vandenberg air force base and is similar to the delta ii .
audi e - tron is the manufacturer of the audi a1 which is a division of audi .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
allan shivers was governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
adam holloway was born in faversham and is a member of the conservative party in the uk . his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . david scott was a commander in apollo 12 .
abradab was born on 12 november 1978 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , university road .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert that can be served as a dessert . philippine english is spoken in the philippines .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under 19 football team .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from the cape canaveral air force station and the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and is located in schenectady , new york .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on 12 november 1978 . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which was first published in 1878 . it is published in the united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km , a total area of 44 . 125 sq km , and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 8 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
john buscema won the eisner award .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
airey neave began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in world war ii . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is the leader of germany , where the capital is berlin .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras are leaders .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikavkaz . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
arlington is part of texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adare manor is located in adare , munster county , county limerick , county council . limerick is governed by limerick city and county council .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the tennessee titans and he was 39 in the draft pick .
a wizard of mars was published in english , which is spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
above the veil is written in english and followed by above the veil .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
austin , texas has a total area of 703 . 95 sq km and a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 703 . 95 sq km .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot . he is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to the lancia thema .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km , a total area of 44 . 125 sq km , and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago where the capital is springfield .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . he represented asajaya and lives in kuching . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which was first published in 1878 . it is published in the united states .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records in london .
anaheim is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the state of california .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
antwerp international airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of uruguay is daniel martínez and the people are called uruguayans .
michigan is in the united states .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
abdulsalami abubakar started his career on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , worked as minister of transport and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is located in ithaca , new york . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
antioch , contra costa county , california , is led by the california state assembly . english is spoken in the state of california and is led by the california state assembly .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc and is operated by aida cruises .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the colour is red .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 , operated by arianespace , located in couronnes , guiana . the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre which has its headquarters in french guiana .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 . he played for anyang halla and played for the club anyang halla .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and operated by enaire . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where standard chinese is spoken and the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and banana .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 . he is retired .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba . its nickname is uab .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . its runway length is 3048 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of franklin county is franklin county and frederick county , maryland to the southwest . carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in peoria , illinois and is owned by aida cruises .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its epoch date is 31 december 2006 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are champions of serie b .
austin is part of williamson county , texas . the largest city in texas is round rock and the county seat is georgetown . english is spoken in texas .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr is the leader of manhattan .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and is from indonesia .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by brandon sanderson ' s scrivener ' s bones .
the antares rocket was launched at vandenberg air force base and is similar to the delta ii .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
andra is a solo singer who was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where arabic is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which contains shiitake and is a variation of shumai .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
orange county , california is in the united states .
madrid is in spain .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
tomato belongs to the solanales order of solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
alexandria , indiana , has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km and an elevation of 265 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
the alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and was written in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and its leader is barack obama .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine and is located in london . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . the leader of spain is susana diaz and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
ace wilder was born in sweden . hip hop music has its origins in funk and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
the launch site of the alv x - 1 was the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
above the veil , written in english , was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the democratic party in the united states . he worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e austin .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery award .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is known as the president .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert that can be served as a dessert . philippine english is spoken in the philippines .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was manufactured by american motors . the amc matador was manufactured by american motors .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with the band kaiser chiefs . he is associated with marry banilow and is signed to universal records .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 8820 minutes in space and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
anderson , indiana , has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
the california gemstone benitoite is an american rock band based in los angeles , california .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister .
the bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , contains ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil .
hip hop music has its origins in funk .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and is from indonesia .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is springer science + business media , which was founded by julius springer .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
alex day performs synthpop music , which originated from pop music and has its origins in disco .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland . the leader of finland is juha sipilä and the people are known as finns .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m and was built by general dynamics electric boat . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
bhajji comes from india where the people are known as indians .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
the amc matador is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has a 1974 model .
candombe solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and is signed to rca records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with the record label stanyan records and london based deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . it has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club and sheikh russel kc .
audi was founded by august horch .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the audi a1 is classed as a supermini and has a 1 . 2 litre engine . it is assembled in brussels and has front - wheel drive layout .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
a wizard of mars was published in english , which is spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
beef kway teow is a dish found in indonesia , where tony tan is the leader and halimah yacob is the leader . standard chinese is spoken in singapore .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is taquirari .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spain , where felipe vi is the leader .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . the leader of spain is susana diaz and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . ş . he manages az alkmaar .
fallujah is in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
electric guitar player aaron turner played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . he is now retired .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located . the museum of art is located in akita , part of akita prefecture .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the languages spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa is lemon which is a member of the rosids family of the rutaceae family .
alex plante was born in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is milonga .
arrabbiata sauce has chili pepper as an ingredient .
anders osborne is associated with johnny sansone .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 . he served as a crew member of apollo 11 , operated by nasa , where william anders was a backup pilot .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
albany is part of oregon , where salem is the capital .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of poales and commelinids .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is the gujarat legislative assembly .
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 518 . 0 .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . , whose ground is palo seco velodrome . mr . adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov and the chairman is gabor kubatov .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 tall .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
americans live in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
a storrs discovered 107 camilla .
103 colmore row , located in birmingham , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and their nickname is joden , godenzonen .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . roma .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the star spangled banner is the national anthem . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is one of the leaders of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
the building of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it has a draft of 4 . 6 m and a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the musician andrew white ' s record label is b - unique records .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is located in ithaca , new york . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey region .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
al anderson plays country music with the banjo band .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri aniti .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
acoustic musician allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce et al and has 512 pages . the book has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader .
airey neave started his career on 30th june 1953 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , whose parent company is john wiley & sons and the issn number is 0965 - 2140 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it has a draft of 4 . 6 m and a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the rupee and the dish bhajji comes from .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of auburn .
the antares rocket , from the united states , was launched at the cape canaveral air force station . it is comparable to the delta ii which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
the ataturk monument , made of bronze , was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight d . eisenhower .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
alligator records is located in chicago .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label polydor records and is signed to the record label universal records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in california .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
the musician andrew white ' s record label is b - unique records .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . greek is the language spoken in greece , where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd 1857 .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the monocotyledon class .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom . he died in london .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was founded in schenectady , new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin with a b . s . in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a crew member on apollo 12 . he is now retired .
beef kway teow is a dish found in indonesia , where tony tan is the leader and halimah yacob is the leader . standard chinese is spoken in singapore .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 metres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and asian south africans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the following musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and has 448 pages .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , where kochi is the leader .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island in 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the mason school of business in the united states is the current tenant of the alan b . miller hall which began on 30 march 2007 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records in london .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
the audi a1 is classed as a supermini and has a 1 . 2 litre engine . it is assembled in brussels and has front - wheel drive layout .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
st . louis rams play in the city of st . louis .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . mr . prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny , whose manager is rashid rakhimov .
colombian cuisine is the country of bandeja paisa .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis .
alfred moore scales was from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is the native americans . alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , which was part of the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
candombe solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and is signed to rca records .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the alvis speed 25 has a petrol engine and was succeeded by rover co .
amsterdam ( amateurs ) ' s ground is amsterdam - noord and eberhard van der laan is the leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3310 . 0 long .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . he is now retired .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , whose manager is jorge orosmán da silva .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which comes from the derbyshire dales region . it is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
azal arena is located in baku .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in azerbaijan and is located in red granite and white marble . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and attended the technical institute , kaduna . he worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the liberal democrats .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
finnish is the language spoken in finland .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the leader is the president and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a straight - six engine . the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the rover company .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
the aid astella is operated by aida cruises and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . he is now retired .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
06 / 24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
aaron turner ' s genre is progressive metal .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam and robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
the aston martin v8 , related to the aston martin dbs , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york , united states .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
binignit is a dish from the philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau . he was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the amc matador is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has a 1974 model .
mikulov is the birth place of adolf schärf .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
the neighbouring municipality is meride .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol , managed by jorge orosmán da silva . his club is us citta di palermo .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges river is the ganges .
beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis , in madison , wisconsin .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has rome as its capital and is related to the fiat croma .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 . he is retired .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the currency is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
rock musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 . he is associated with billy iuso and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
americans live in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients are sweet potatoes and banana .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 tall .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
audi was founded by august horch .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 8820 minutes in space and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
solo singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he plays pop music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken . great britain is the language spoken in great britain .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina where the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome . the official language of italy is italians and the leader is sergio mattarella .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . english is also spoken in great britain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and operated by enaire . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and bobina .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and is a musician in the lotus eaters band .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
lamborghini is a subsidiary of the audi a1 which was founded by august horch and ducati . the audi a1 is a division of the audi e - tron .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the liberal democrats .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of apollo 14 , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for the soviet union national football team . he plays for fc torpedo moscow , managed by valery petrakov .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records in london .
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 518 . 0 .
anders osborne is associated with artists billy iuso and kirk joseph . he is associated with tab benoit .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
solo singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he performs rhythm and blues music .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . it contains raisins .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level .
the aid astella is operated by aida cruises and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team . he manages a . d . isidro metapan .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the currency is the rupee and sumitra mahajan are leaders . vajubhai vala is the leader of india .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music of ireland and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and a variation of the club sandwich .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the labour party is the leader . he died in sidcup .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was founded in schenectady , new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
abradab was born on 12 november 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
above the veil is available in print .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
marriott international ( founded in washington , d . c . ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the greenlandic language is spoken .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on march 3rd 1857 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and represented vermont ' s largest city is burlington .
the california gemstone benitoite is an american rock band based in los angeles , california .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
frederick county , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 .
aida cruises is located in germany and operated by aida cruises .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick was 39 and he was number 39 in the los angeles rams .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway name of 10 r / 28 l .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
akeem adams plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team and the t & tec sports club .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is a member of the solanales order .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
antioch , contra costa county , california , is led by the california state assembly . english is spoken in the state of california and is led by the california state assembly .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has rome as its capital and is related to the fiat croma .
agra airport , located in agra , india , is operated by the airports authority of india . the iata identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
frederick county , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier is viag .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
pop musician aleksandra kovac is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and k2 .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc radio .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o ' donnell ' s voice is bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
1101 clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
banana is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the philippines .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 600 students . it has 100 academic staff .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean was born in la vern bean and retired on june 12 , 1981 . he was a crew member of apollo 12 , where david scott was a commander . alfred worden was a backup pilot .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states .
a storrs discovered 107 camilla .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
albennie jones , who performs rhythm and blues music , started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
arlington is part of the state of texas , united states . spanish is spoken in texas .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the 1st runway number of amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
bakso is popular in indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries . its main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . it has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . mr . prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny , whose manager is rashid rakhimov .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the largest city in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is from the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc anzhi makhachkala and is a member of the youth side of fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
farrar , straus and giroux parent company macmillan publishers .
allen forrest was born in 1981 - 02 - 04 .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is one of the leaders of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri aniti .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located . the museum of art is located in akita , part of akita prefecture .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
alan shepard was a test pilot who is now deceased .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway name of 10 r / 28 l .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays for the scotland national under 21 football team . he is 185 . 42 cm tall and plays for crewe alexandra f . c .
andra was born in romania and is a solo singer . she performs dance - pop music .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and is a musician in the lotus eaters band .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken .
alberto teisaire was a national of argentina , where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is horacio rodríguez larreta . he died in buenos aires .
al anderson plays the guitar for the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of asam pedas which is a dish from indonesia .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has the capital city of london and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan bean is from the united states .
al - zawra ' a sc manager is basim qasim .
barny cakes are served in the size of 30 . 0 g .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow .
the audi a1 is classed as a supermini and has a 1 . 2 litre engine . it is assembled in brussels and has front - wheel drive layout .
danes live in denmark .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
austin , texas has a total area of 703 . 95 sq km and a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 703 . 95 sq km .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
the ataturk monument , made of bronze , was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a v6 engine and a front engine design .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of mike akhigbe , who served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and the leader is the gujarat legislative assembly .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is a combat helicopter in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and performs rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is augustus pugin and the palace of westminster .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp and autoharp . alison o ' donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins in the blues . funk is a derivative of jazz .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . english is also spoken in great britain .
abradab is a rapper for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with magik .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is named 18 l / 36 r aalsmeerbaan .
acoustic musician alex day started his career in 2006 . he is associated with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with charlie mc donnell .
allan shivers ' s successor was price daniel .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as türk şehitleri anıtı , is located .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought . the battle of gettysburg was part of the american civil war .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a 21 . 2 m ship beam and is currently in service .
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham and has the b postcode area . the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club u . c . sampdoria . he plays for the club a . c . milan , which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 . it is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
abdul rahman ya ' kub ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar conference grounds .
ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was founded in schenectady , new york . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
bhaji or bajji is also known as bhajji .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , starring ryan potter and the american duncan rouleau .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and has its headquarters at the four world trade center .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs . the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and has a length of 3992 . 88 .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the leader of jalisco is aristóteles sandoval .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , worked as minister of transport and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the languages spoken is philippine english and one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans . one of the languages spoken in the philippines is philippine english .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
the distributor of big hero 6 is walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who play in texas . he later played for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italy national under 17 football team . he plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
alison o ' donnell ' s voice is bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , alabama . he has a background as a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor is a variation of the dish siomay which contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the languages spoken is philippine english and one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans . one of the languages spoken in the philippines is philippine english .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and retired on september 1st 1969 .
agnes kant was born in west germany and attended radboud university nijmegen . she worked as a member of the house of representatives and lives in doesburg .
ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was founded in washington , d . c . , where the faroese language is spoken . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . it contains raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where spanish is spoken . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and cottage cheese .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is located in turkey .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the leader of turkey is called the president of turkey .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , which is now retired .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was in office while juan carlos i of spain was monarch . juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
alan bean is from the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . honey can be served as a dessert .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on the 28th october 2014 and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv , which is managed by oleh luzhny . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague of greece . their ground is in athens and they have 69618 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . the capital of italy is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
new york city is part of new netherland .
andra was born in romania and is a solo singer . she performs dance - pop music .
abner is a footballer for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis and plays for real madrid castilla .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from guadalajara .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s leaders are paul ryan and white americans .
abradab was born on 12 november 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian .
peter laird was the creator of april o ' neil , a united states national .
alexandria , indiana , has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km and an elevation of 265 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in gubbio .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors . the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is marriott international .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the school is affiliated with the european university association and its dean is thomas pallesen .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with k2 and kristina kovac .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy party in greece , whose colour is blue . he was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
the aid astella was christening date of march 16 , 2013 and is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan with a sedan body style and opel vectra .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . oladipo diya was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the country ' s largest city is mumbai and its leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio . it has a honda k engine and a front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and banana .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis , in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken . great britain is the language spoken in great britain .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland , where juha sipilä is the leader .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 . he is retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the solanaceae family .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
adam mc quaid was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada .
st . louis rams play in the city of st . louis .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
adam holloway was born in kent and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
bibbo bibbowski , or bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman and bo bibbowski .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi , the manager of which is levan khomeriki .
críona ní dhálaigh is the leader of dublin .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is 3800 .
abradab was born in katowice , katowice . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club and sheikh russel kc .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) .
greenville is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
manhattan is part of new york .
alessio romagnoli ' s youth team is a . s . roma .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . it is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1873 . 0 .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena in east link bridge .
albany , georgia is in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group there .
al anderson plays country music with the banjo band .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a fusion of black metal .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
akeem dent ' s former team was the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
aid aluna is powered by caterpillar inc . located in illinois and is owned by aida cruises .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena in east link bridge .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis , in madison , wisconsin .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
verona , italy is the home ground of a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th , 1986 .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō . chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . the leader of spain is susana diaz and spaniards are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on 12 november 1978 . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it has a draft of 4 . 6 m and a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and has 448 pages .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
above the veil is written in english and followed by above the veil .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce et al and has 512 pages . the book has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
alex plante was born in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
alison o ' donnell plays folk music of ireland and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce et al and has 512 pages . the book has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as mayor of stamford connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
rhythm and blues musician ahmet ertegun is from washington , d . c . , united states . he has a background as a non performing personnel .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader of the people ' s party is the people ' s party .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
the distributor of big hero 6 is walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a two door coupe and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in california .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
the acura tlx is related to the honda accord .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn is part of the state of washington , united states . olympia is the capital of the u . s .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin on july 7th , 1868 .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; a904 vd .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and was published by sage publications .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
english is the language of the united states .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . david scott was a commander in apollo 12 .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and has a length of 1818 . 0 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is ahora madrid .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . s . castrovillari calcio and plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
a long long way is written in english .
alan bean is from the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
arlington in texas is 184 . 0 above sea level , has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of asam pedas which is a dish from indonesia .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and began his career on march 4th 1974 . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
bakewell tart is from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched at ela - 3 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in london .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in argentina , where spanish is spoken . he was in office while juan peron was president .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the star spangled banner is the national anthem . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , whose manager is jorge orosmán da silva .
al asad airbase is located in iraq , where arabic is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , operated by nasa , where william anders was a backup pilot .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra and malays .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where khadija arib is the leader .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , whose manager is jorge orosmán da silva .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 .
allan shivers was governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
alan martin is a footballer for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . , whose ground is accrington .
faber and faber are the publisher of the secret scripture .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located . the museum of art is located in akita , part of akita prefecture .
the christening date of a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 07 .
michigan is in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states . his genre is psychedelia .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where the largest city is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alex day performs synthpop music , which originated from pop music and has its origins in disco .
abradab was born in katowice , 1978 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is t s thakur and narendra modi .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the general dynamics electric boat which was built by general dynamics .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
kevin eastman was the creator of april o ' neil .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago where the capital is springfield .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of mike akhigbe , who served in the nigerian navy and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 . abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian navy and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and is a member of the whig party in the united states . henry clay is the leader of the united states .
soho press is located in the united states .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla , which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
the asilomar conference grounds architecture , arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and it was designed by huseyin butuner .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
bandeja paisa is a colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
adisham hall , located in haputale , is tudor and jacabian , and was completed in 1931 .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is signed to deram records in london . floating world records is the record label of deram records .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
arrabbiata is a traditional sauce from rome , italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy party in greece , whose colour is blue . he was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spain , where felipe vi is the leader .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is located in ithaca , new york . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef are the main ingredients of batchoy which is eaten in the philippines .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp and autoharp . alison o ' donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins in the blues . funk is a derivative of jazz .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california and is located in illinois .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson is a singer for the band nrbq and performs rock music .
peter laird is a united states national .
abradab was born in katowice , katowice . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . mr . prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny , whose manager is rashid rakhimov .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where the currency is the rupee and the dish bhajji comes from .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
alex day performs synthpop music .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and joined nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd 1857 .
amarillo is part of texas , united states .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
hull city a . f . c . is the manager of hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
binignit is a dessert that contains taro and cookie .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
abner was born in brazil .
auburn is part of the state of washington , united states . olympia is the capital of the u . s .
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight d . eisenhower .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
baked alaska is from france , where manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of tarrant county is fort worth and spanish is spoken .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight back - six engine and a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 km per sec .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong , united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
airey neave began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in the battle of france .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
indian people live in india .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , whose parent company is john wiley & sons and the issn number is 0965 - 2140 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is o canada . inuktitut is the national anthem of canada .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in azerbaijan and is located in red granite and white marble . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
blues musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band . ska punk has its origins in ska punk .
alberto teisaire was a member of the labour party in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina where the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport , operated by infraero , is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues musician signed to shanachie records .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . he was the governor of west virginia and finished his career on march 4th 1905 . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and is from indonesia .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and is managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader . she worked as a parliamentary group leader in the netherlands .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as vice president of new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the star spangled banner is the national anthem . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is assembled in mexico city , has a station wagon style body and a amc v8 engine .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with the band kaiser chiefs . he is associated with marry banilow and is signed to universal records .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alison o ' donnell ' s voice is bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
karl kesel is an american .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery award .
american motors , manufactured by american motors , was succeeded by eagle d . chapin jr . a subsidiary of which , is wheel horse . the amc matador was succeeded by eagle .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a total of 1 rocket stages .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a 21 . 2 m ship beam and is currently in service .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum .
the 3 arena in dublin was designed by the company populous .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 , operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in apollo 8 .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the umbria region .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . barack obama is the leader and the leader is the president of the united states .
bandeja paisa is a colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
abh . math . semin . univ . hambg is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region . gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died from peritonitis .
1101 clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin . it has a straight - 6 engine and is considered a mid - size car .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera , has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and died in madison , wisconsin .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader of the people ' s party is the people ' s party .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club and sheikh russel kc .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he also played for united petrotrin f . c .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by the parliament of the united kingdom and the labour party ( uk ) .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and banana .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina where the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from .
the california gemstone benitoite is an american rock band based in los angeles , california .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; a904 vd .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans .
audi e - tron is the manufacturer of the audi a1 which is a division of audi .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital is washington d . c .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a straight - six engine . the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the rover company .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label polydor records and is signed to the record label universal records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the aid astella is operated by aida cruises and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island in 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
pacific grove is part of california .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john clancy , who was born in birmingham and has the b postcode area . the city council is governed by the birmingham city council .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . he fought in the whiskey rebellion and was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the aids journal is published in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock . christian alternative rock is a subgenre of alternative rock .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco .
fallujah is in iraq .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the headquarters of atlantic city international airport is four world trade center and is operated by the port authority of new york .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan with a sedan body style and opel vectra .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and began his career on march 4th 1974 . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 . it is located at north wall quay .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has rome as its capital and is related to the fiat croma .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . philippe of belgium ' s leader is philippe of belgium and one of the languages spoken is dutch .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members and their ground is warton , fylde , lancashire .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
aleksandre guruli plays for the us lesquin club olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx has a awd vehicle layout .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis , where francis g slay is the leader .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital is london . london is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid , spain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . english is also spoken in great britain .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight back - six engine and a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where arabic is spoken .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcasted by the bbc .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
alvah sabin started his career on march 4th 1853 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
edwin e . aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
the musician andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is an artist for the band kaiser chiefs .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm , which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is mexican spanish .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
massimo drago plays for a . s . chieti calcio and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of auburn .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf fought in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the lockheed ac - 130 is a transport aircraft in the united states .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and represented asajaya .
abh . math . semin . univ . hambg is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
farrar , straus and giroux parent company macmillan publishers .
250 delaware avenue , located in buffalo , new york , has a postmodern architecture style and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . its construction began in january 2014 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county and to the north of cumberland county , maryland .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards in the gulf war , where george h . w . bush was a commander .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 metres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague of greece , the champions of which , are olympiacos f . c .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
200 public square , completed in 1985 , is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
austin is part of williamson county , texas . the largest city in texas is round rock and the county seat is georgetown . english is spoken in texas .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery . the leader of the association for computing machinery is alexander l . wolf .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
abner is a footballer for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis and plays for real madrid castilla .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in new york city , was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
akeem dent ' s former team was the atlanta falcons .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the oclc number 78771100 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis , in madison , wisconsin .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
andra ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 nakadori .
anders osborne is associated with johnny sansone .
beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital and asian americans are an ethnic group .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol and died in styria , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
the united states air force fought in 1986 bombing of libya .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the leader of sri jayawardenepura kotte is ranil wickremesinghe .
alberto teisaire ' s profession is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
aaron deer is signed to the record label kill rock stars .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john clancy , who was born in birmingham and has the b postcode area . the city council is governed by the birmingham city council .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges river is the ganges .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the languages spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island in 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york . abraham lincoln was a commander in the american civil war .
1101 clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy . it includes tomato as an ingredient .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
mikulov is the birth place of adolf schärf .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
arlington is part of the state of texas , united states . spanish is spoken in texas .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . it has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and performs rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alan martin plays for leeds united f . c . and hamilton academical fc .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol who play in the uruguayan primera división . he also plays for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
alessio romagnoli ' s youth team is a . s . roma .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s leaders are paul ryan and white americans .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . its escape velocity is 0 . 0252 km per sec .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . the leader of austria is doris bures .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and is located in schenectady , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and also for al shorta sc .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
abdulsalami abubakar started his career on may 29 , 1999 .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a coupe with a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
abradab was born in katowice , 1978 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are champions of serie b .
the bronze ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and was written in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and its leader is barack obama .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th , 1986 .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 . the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number is 1732 - 2421 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states . his genre is psychedelia .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 . he died in madison , wisconsin .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the leader is gérard larcher and francois hollande .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the languages spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . its escape velocity is 0 . 0252 km per sec .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought . the battle of gettysburg was part of the american civil war .
agra airport , located in agra , india , is operated by the airports authority of india . the iata identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute , kaduna .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members and their ground is warton , fylde , lancashire .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and operated by enaire . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which has its ground in al khor .
the novel aenir was followed by above the veil which was preceded by the violet keystone and into battle . it was followed by above the veil which was preceded by aenir .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium , where german is spoken .
adare manor is located in munster county limerick .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by the parliament of the united kingdom and the labour party ( uk ) .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states and leads anaheim , california .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital is london . london is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
alex day performs synthpop music .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white and ended his career on march 4 , 1901 . he was married to agnes ward white .
halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany and died in west germany .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla , which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states . his genre is psychedelia .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a cylinder count of 12 .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to albert b . white who was born in bloomington , maryland and died in charleston , maryland .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
slavey is one of the languages spoken in canada .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasillia .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adam holloway was born in kent and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader .
albany is part of oregon , where salem is the capital .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . he used to play for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the new england patriots and he was 39 in the draft pick .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere , whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc and is operated by aida cruises .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq . rock has its origins in country music and country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
andra ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla , which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and asian canadians are an ethnic group . the national anthem of canada is o canada .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid . the leader party is ahora madrid .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau . he was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and was published by sage publications .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock . christian alternative rock is a subgenre of alternative rock .
antwerp international airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level .
halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany and died in west germany .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and attended the university of texas at austin .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is the leader and english is the language spoken .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
austin is part of williamson county , texas . georgetown is the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston .
the antares rocket , from the united states , was launched at the cape canaveral air force station . it is comparable to the delta ii which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with k2 and kristina kovac .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the antares rocket , from the united states , was launched at the cape canaveral air force station . it is comparable to the delta ii which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 mission . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is one of the leaders of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy , where rome is the capital and the language spoken is italian . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a straight - six engine . the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the rover company .
alison o ' donnell performs folk music and is associated with mellow candle and flibbertigibbet band .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen has 814 rooms .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the club sandwich .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam and robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian heinrich friedrich peters .
the 1st runway number of amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
manhattan is part of new york .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium , where german is spoken .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for runcorn fc halton and chesterfield fc .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
orange county , california is in the united states .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in argentina , where spanish is spoken . he was in office while juan peron was president .
alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under 16 football team which is coached by daniele zoratto . he also plays for a . s . roma .
alan martin is a footballer for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . , whose ground is accrington .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the colour is red .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war , where alfred moore scales fought . the battle of gettysburg was part of the american civil war .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band . ska punk has its origins in ska punk .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he plays for sv werder bremen ii which is 3 . liga .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is signed to deram records in london . floating world records is the record label of deram records .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio . it has a honda k engine and a front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 sq km . the area codes for anaheim are 657 and 714 .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is associated with bajik and flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band bajik .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka has telangana to its northeast . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai and the arabian sea to its west . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
julia morgan ' s significant buildings are the los angeles herald examiner building .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 tall .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was a member of the labour party in argentina and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and great britain is the language spoken .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a two door coupe and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , where francis g slay is the leader . he died in st . louis .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos . english is spoken in texas .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom . he died in london .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis , where francis g slay is the leader .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
arrabbiata sauce has chili pepper as an ingredient .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
aaron turner plays electric guitar for sumac and performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 . he died in madison , wisconsin .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , where the purple finch is a bird . he spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in peoria , illinois and is owned by aida cruises .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 nakadori .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is led by the president .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
acoustic musician allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 .
abel hernandez played youth football for central español who play in the uruguayan segunda división . he also plays for the uruguay national football team and u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
alberto teisaire was a member of the labour party in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president .
austin is part of williamson county , texas . georgetown is the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston .
jon valor is the alternative name of black pirate .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on 12 november 1978 . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce .
allan shivers began his career on january 21 , 1947 . he fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he plays for sv werder bremen ii which is 3 . liga .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
bananaman first aired on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast by stv . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . ş . he manages az alkmaar .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
alternative rock musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
a long long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and has its headquarters at the four world trade center .
the amc matador , manufactured by american motors , was succeeded by eagle .
al anderson is a singer for the band nrbq and performs rock music .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in print .
alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 and is associated with bajik and flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band bajik .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where standard chinese is spoken and the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of apollo 14 , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of hays county is san marcos .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska , which is a type of dessert . cookies are desserts .
anders osborne is signed to the shanachie records label and is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar conference grounds .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . the leader of austria is doris bures .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
colombian cuisine is the country of bandeja paisa .
albennie jones was born in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group . jazz has its origins in blues .
alan martin , who was born on 01 / 01 / 1989 , plays for hamilton academical fc and clyde f . c .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york , united states .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
alan martin plays for leeds united f . c . and hamilton academical fc .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mc manus , was completed in 1862 and was designed by philip charles hardwick .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 km per sec .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena county , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a cylinder count of 12 .
folk musician alison o ' donnell began performing in 1963 . she was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle band . she is signed to floating world records .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located . the museum of art is located in akita , part of akita prefecture .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome . the official language of italy is italians and the leader is sergio mattarella .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 , vermont . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
gubbio is in the umbria region .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 september 1987 . he made his debut for the atlanta falcons and previously played for the houston texans .
austin , texas , is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
pop musician aleksandra kovac is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and k2 .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the leader of sri jayawardenepura kotte is ranil wickremesinghe .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
adam holloway was born in kent and resides in gravesend .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the aids journal is published in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
cornell university , located in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
batchoy is a soup from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges river is a river in india .
andra ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
baked alaska comes from france , where manuel valls and gérard larcher are leaders . french is spoken in france .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m and was built by general dynamics electric boat . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the solanaceae family .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , university road .
the musician andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music .
akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who play in texas . he later played for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a total of 1 rocket stages .
the atlanta falcons play in atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which contains shiitake and is a variation of shumai .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 and it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the batak are an ethnic group and the malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which has its ground in al khor .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom . he died in london .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
abdulsalami abubakar started his career on may 29 , 1999 and was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . its escape velocity is 0 . 0252 km per sec .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a member of the republican party of the united states . he worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . , whose ground is palo seco velodrome . mr . adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov and the chairman is gabor kubatov .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is assembled in mexico city , has a station wagon style body and a amc v8 engine .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier is viag .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
rca records is the distributing company sony music entertainment .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin on july 7th , 1868 .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . it has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th , 1986 .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
the quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi which is the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
faber and faber are the publisher of the secret scripture .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the headquarters of atlantic city international airport is four world trade center and is operated by the port authority of new york .
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef are the main ingredients of batchoy which is eaten in the philippines .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 and its final flight was on the 28th october 2014 .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , where francis g slay is the leader . he died in st . louis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
andra ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and retired on september 1st 1969 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band . ska punk has its origins in ska punk .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
audi e - tron is the manufacturer of the audi a1 which is a division of audi .
albennie jones was born in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group . jazz has its origins in blues .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house . bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc radio .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
adam holloway was born in faversham and is a member of the conservative party in the uk . his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
solo singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he performs rhythm and blues music .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
audi was founded by august horch .
agnes kant was born in west germany and attended radboud university nijmegen . she worked as a member of the house of representatives and lives in doesburg .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 metres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland , where juha sipilä is the leader .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . roma .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which is a member of the solanales order .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
baked alaska comes from france , where manuel valls and gérard larcher are leaders . french is spoken in france .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which was first published in 1878 . it is published in the united states .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it was wrecked .
airey neave was awarded the cross .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states .
alberto teisaire was a national of argentina , where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is horacio rodríguez larreta . he died in buenos aires .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
blues musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war , where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
aida cruises is located in germany and operated by aida cruises .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dessert from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sago and sweet potato .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of uruguay is daniel martínez and the people are called uruguayans .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the native name is türk şehitleri aniti .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec . its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where amatriciana sauce comes from . rome is the capital of italy .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . s . castrovillari calcio and plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is nurturing excellence .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and guadalajara is the leader .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and benjamin urich .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards in the gulf war , where george h . w . bush was a commander .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 nakadori .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol and died in styria , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the club sandwich .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
arlington is part of texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
200 public square , completed in 1985 , is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
akron is part of summit county , ohio , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . it has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 sq km . the area codes for anaheim are 657 and 714 .
white south africa has the ethnic group white south african .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm , which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 and it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 . it is located at north wall quay .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a total of 1 rocket stages .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages . it was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is o canada . inuktitut is the national anthem of canada .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . he represented asajaya and lives in kuching . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of mike akhigbe , who served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
white south africa has the ethnic group white south african .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the u . k . , is related to the aston martin dbs and was succeeded by the aston martin virage . the aston martin v8 is assembled in the u . k . which is led by elizabeth ii .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where americans live . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and include the ethnic group of native americans .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno , italy . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , united states and china .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are related means of transportation .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
alberto teisaire ' s profession is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where the javanese people are an ethnic group and the leader is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
the alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
antioch , california has an elevation of 13 . 0 above sea level and a total area of 75 . 324 sq km .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , operated by nasa , where william anders was a backup pilot .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c . and chesterfield f . c . the leader of blackpool is the labour party .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where amatriciana sauce comes from . rome is the capital of italy .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is also spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
edwin e . aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of asam pedas which is a dish from indonesia .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . the fossil smilodon was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . he died in california .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the leader of turkey is called the president of turkey .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the country ' s leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 . he plays hip hop music and was raised in dothan , al .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and has the oclc number 78771100 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . it has 23 floors .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region . gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its epoch date is 31 december 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a v6 engine and a front engine design .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is signed to deram records in london . floating world records is the record label of deram records .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
american motors , manufactured by american motors , was succeeded by eagle d . chapin jr . a subsidiary of which , is wheel horse . the amc matador was succeeded by eagle .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome . the official language of italy is italians and the leader is sergio mattarella .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis , where francis g slay is the leader .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alfred moore scales was from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is the native americans . alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , which was part of the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
batagor , a variation of shumai , is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid . the leader party is ahora madrid .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are champions of serie b .
english is the language spoken in canada .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka has telangana to its northeast . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai and the arabian sea to its west . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region . gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
aenir is written in english .
al anderson , who was born in windsor , connecticut , started his career in 1966 . he plays rock music for the wildweeds .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
arlington is part of texas , united states . houston is the largest city in texas , where english is spoken .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac began her career in 1990 and is associated with k2 and kornelije kovac .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister .
the alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related means of transportation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states and leads anaheim , california .
the launch site of the alv x - 1 was the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd 1857 .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg , which is managed by dieter hecking . he plays for sv werder bremen ii .
the building of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is a combat helicopter in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
the reference number in the national register of historic places is 88002539 .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
peter stoger plays for fk austria wien and sk vorwärts steyr . he also plays for fc admira wacker mödling and fk austria wien .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy party in greece , whose colour is blue . he was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print and has 448 pages .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend .
abel hernandez played youth football for central español who play in the uruguayan segunda división . he also plays for the uruguay national football team and u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from guadalajara .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and represented asajaya .
alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under 16 football team which is coached by daniele zoratto . he also plays for a . s . roma .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is taquirari .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol who play in the uruguayan primera división . he also plays for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
polydor records is located in london .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is the language spoken .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian heinrich friedrich peters .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is türk şehitleri aniti .
patrick mc loughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales , where bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart . fruit preserves are an ingredient in the county of derbyshire .
alvah sabin started his career on march 4th 1853 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are tejano and tejano .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the tennessee titans and he was 39 in the draft pick .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
hip hop music has its origins in funk .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 km per sec .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , starring ryan potter and the american duncan rouleau .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and house of low culture . he performs post - metal music , which uses the cello as an instrument .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
abdul rahman ya ' kub ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze . he was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
cake is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alternative rock musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
karl kesel is an american .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol who play in the uruguayan segunda division . he also plays for the central espanol club which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . english is also spoken in great britain .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
danes live in denmark .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is led by cyrus vance jr . brooklyn is the leader of manhattan .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
pacific grove is part of california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
rhythm and blues musician ahmet ertegun is from washington , d . c . , united states . he has a background as a non performing personnel .
abradab was born in poland .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has 12 cylinders . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 and it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner ' s genre is progressive metal .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
the musical genre of agustin barboza is guarania .
lamborghini is a subsidiary of the audi a1 which was founded by august horch and ducati . the audi a1 is a division of the audi e - tron .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc rubin kazan and is 185 . 0 cm tall .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq . rock has its origins in country music and country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark was founded in washington , d . c . , where the faroese language is spoken . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark .
above the veil , written in english , was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia . the leader of russia is vladimir putin .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 , operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in apollo 8 .
batagor , a variation of shumai , is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . he fought in the whiskey rebellion and was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for runcorn fc halton and chesterfield fc .
abner is a footballer for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis and plays for real madrid castilla .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and is an ingredient in bakso .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in the korean war .
elliot see died in st . louis .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and great britain is the language spoken .
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 518 . 0 .
anaheim is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the state of california .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and mamiffer . he performs ambient music .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of auburn .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the country ' s leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
john cowper powys ' s notable work is a glastonbury romance .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born . he was married to casey ribicoff and is from new britain , connecticut .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the leader of london is boris johnson and the european parliament .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc anzhi makhachkala and is a member of the youth side of fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
the united states air force fought in 1986 bombing of libya .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school has mols to its northeast and is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
abdulsalami abubakar worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is milonga .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
abh . math . semin . univ . hambg is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv ) has the issn number 2158 .
rhythm and blues musician ahmet ertegun is from washington , d . c . , united states . he has a background as a non performing personnel .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
batchoy is a soup from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
allan shivers started his career on january 21st 1947 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice of bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcasted by stv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was manufactured by american motors . the amc matador was manufactured by american motors .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
anaheim is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the state of california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
shumai is from china .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy , where rome is the capital and the language spoken is italian . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to floating world records .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
acoustic musician alex day started his career in 2006 . he is associated with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with charlie mc donnell .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the antares rocket was launched at vandenberg air force base and is similar to the delta ii .
the musician andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is an artist for the band kaiser chiefs .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . english is spoken in the u . s . where the capital is washington , d . c .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
06 / 24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
romania ' s capital is bucharest .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the largest city in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the alvis speed 25 has a petrol engine and was succeeded by rover co .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . oladipo diya was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 . it is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mc manus , was completed in 1862 and was designed by philip charles hardwick .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays for the scotland national under 21 football team . he is 185 . 42 cm tall and plays for crewe alexandra f . c .
lamborghini is a subsidiary of the audi a1 which was founded by august horch and ducati . the audi a1 is a division of the audi e - tron .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and has its headquarters at the four world trade center .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka has telangana to its northeast . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai and the arabian sea to its west . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the monocotyledon class .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town f . c .
madrid is in spain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader . she worked as a parliamentary group leader in the netherlands .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the alfa romeo 164 and the alfa romeo 164 are related means of transport .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the umbria region .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
jon valor is the alternative name of black pirate .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
benjamin urich ' s full name is ben urich .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and worked as governor of connecticut .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is augustus pugin and the palace of westminster .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome . sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders of italy .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is also spoken in great britain .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york . abraham lincoln was a commander in the american civil war .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey region .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovac began her career in 1990 and is associated with k2 and kornelije kovac .
alan bean is from the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
abradab was born in katowice , katowice . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
baked alaska is from france , where manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building which was designed by the architect george winkler .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war , where abraham lincoln was a commander .
allan shivers began his career on january 21 , 1947 . he fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he was a member of the conservative party in the uk and attended magdalene college in cambridge .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
abdul rahman ya ' kub ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
elliot see died in st . louis , kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
alison o ' donnell performs folk music and is associated with mellow candle and flibbertigibbet band .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd 1857 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd , 1853 .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to albert b . white who was born in bloomington , maryland and died in charleston , maryland .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the musician andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is an artist for the band kaiser chiefs .
nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , alabama . he has a background as a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the reference number in the national register of historic places is 88002539 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken .
the aids journal , which comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids , comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazette ii . the book was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by ring of fire ii .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
barny cakes are served in the size of 30 . 0 g .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 600 students . it has 100 academic staff .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of poales and commelinids .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
john cowper powys ' s notable work is a glastonbury romance .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp and autoharp . alison o ' donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins in the blues . funk is a derivative of jazz .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
gábor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio . it has a honda k engine and a front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
airey neave began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in world war ii . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and is an ingredient in bakso .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii , which originates from the united states and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia and is a solo singer . disco is a fusion genre of pop music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef are the main ingredients of batchoy which is eaten in the philippines .
the neighbouring municipality is meride .
benjamin urich ' s full name is ben urich .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce .
elliot see died in st . louis .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is found in indonesia .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km , a total area of 44 . 125 sq km , and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has 12 cylinders . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is o canada . inuktitut is the national anthem of canada .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine and is located in london . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of tarrant county is fort worth and spanish is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is known as the president .
acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
colin powell was a commander in gulf war .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of franklin county is franklin county and frederick county , maryland to the southwest . carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and has the icao location identifier of kabi . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and it is 546 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in london .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . it contains raisins .
binignit is a dessert that contains sago and cookie .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland , where juha sipilä is the leader .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the leader is the president and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis .
binignit is a dessert that contains taro and cookie .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on the 28th october 2014 and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
lettuce is an ingredient in the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is augustus pugin and the palace of westminster .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and is signed to warner music group .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
colin powell was a commander in gulf war .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , whose club is juventus f . c .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located . the museum of art is located in akita , part of akita prefecture .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , has a lccn number of 60040714 and an academic discipline of paleobiology . its issn number is 0567 - 7920 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and joined nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasillia .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . philippe of belgium ' s leader is philippe of belgium and one of the languages spoken is dutch .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
aaron turner is a singer with the band isis and sumac . he performs electroacoustic music .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . and plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , whose parent company is john wiley & sons and the issn number is 0965 - 2140 .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay fc . he manages a . f . c . fylde .
the bronze ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
andra is a dance - pop singer who is associated with puya and crbl .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 , operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in apollo 8 .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white and ended his career on march 4 , 1901 . he was married to agnes ward white .
alison o ' donnell performs folk music and is associated with mellow candle and flibbertigibbet band .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasillia .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
1097 vicia , formerly known as 1928 pc , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues musician signed to shanachie records .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on march 3rd 1857 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and represented vermont ' s largest city is burlington .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny rené goscinny and french people .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and is signed to warner music group .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and jong ajax .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , which is now retired .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league in greece .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays for the scotland national under 21 football team . he is 185 . 42 cm tall and plays for crewe alexandra f . c .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 . he is retired .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps and sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture style .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa is lemon which is a member of the rosids family of the rutaceae family .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd 1857 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on march 3rd , 1853 .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin . it has a straight - 6 engine and is considered a mid - size car .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
adam holloway was born in kent and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music has its origins in disco and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
michele marcolini has been the manager of a . c . lumezzane . he plays for vicenza calcio and is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 stages .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . he used to play for the new england patriots .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california and is located in illinois .
abdul rahman ya ' kub ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze . he was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
english is the language spoken in canada .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 8820 minutes in space and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . he plays for carrarese calcio .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
cornell university , located in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , is comparable to the delta ii which is from the united states .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and it was designed by huseyin butuner .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league , brazil .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . he plays for carrarese calcio .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with the record label stanyan records and london based deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , contains ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the leader of jalisco is aristóteles sandoval .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
danes live in denmark .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
polydor records is located in london .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno , italy . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana .
michigan is in the united states .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the rupiah and the currency is the rupiah .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor is a variation of the dish siomay which contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol who play in the uruguayan primera división . he also plays for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . fort worth is the largest city in texas . austin is the capital of texas .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
al anderson , who was born in windsor , connecticut , started his career in 1966 . he plays rock music for the wildweeds .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō . chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
slavey is one of the languages spoken in canada .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and resides in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and retired on september 1st 1969 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and attended the technical institute , kaduna . he worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
tomato belongs to the solanales order of solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot . he is now retired .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral in the argentine navy and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days , a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an epoch date of june 27th 2015 .
faber and faber are the publisher of the secret scripture .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italy national under 17 football team . he plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy novel written by 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham and has the b postcode area . the leader of birmingham is the labour party .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 mission . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres . it was launched on 31st may 1855 .
ab klink was born in stellendam and is a national of the netherlands , where the currency is the euro .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and is 2776 . 0 long .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
a wizard of mars was published in english , which is spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building which was designed by the architect george winkler .
andra is a dance - pop singer who is associated with puya and crbl .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland . the leader of finland is juha sipilä and the people are known as finns .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and performs rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . the leader of london is boris johnson and the european parliament .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
hip hop music has its origins in funk .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and worked as governor of connecticut .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in gubbio .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq .
candombe solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and is signed to rca records .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with héctor numa moraes .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . the capital of italy is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 km per sec .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
atlanta , part of de kalb county , georgia , has a total area of 347 . 1 sq km and a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
binignit is a dish from the philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is the language spoken .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of uruguay is daniel martínez and the people are called uruguayans .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport , operated by infraero , is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on march 3rd 1857 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and represented vermont ' s largest city is burlington .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the musical genre of agustin barboza is guarania .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and its currency is the turkish lira .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . roma .
binignit is a dessert from mindanao , philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was in office while juan carlos i of spain was monarch . juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
albany , georgia is in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group there .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a . s . chieti calcio .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he plays the string instrument and performs trance music .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
albennie jones , who performs rhythm and blues music , started his career in 1950 . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
beef kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county and to the north of cumberland county , maryland .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by brandon sanderson ' s scrivener ' s bones .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is milonga .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . english is the language spoken in the u . s . where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
blues musician anders osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with the band galactic . he is associated with tab benoit and billy iuso .
acoustic musician alex day started his career in 2006 . he is associated with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with charlie mc donnell .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
banana is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the philippines .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague of greece . their ground is in athens and they have 69618 members .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and is located in schenectady , new york .
verona , italy is the home ground of a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and joined nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where spanish is spoken . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and cottage cheese .
the county of limerick is part of munster .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay fc . he manages a . f . c . fylde .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was a member of the labour party in argentina and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the u . s . and is located in peoria , illinois .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . london is led by the parliament of the united kingdom and the labour party ( uk ) .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor to abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian army and was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . and plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
adare manor is located in adare , munster county , county limerick , county council . limerick is governed by limerick city and county council .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
barny cakes are served in the size of 30 . 0 g .
john van den brom plays for the netherlands national football team and plays for vitesse arnhem . he manages az alkmaar and plays for the netherlands national football team .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . english is spoken in the u . s . where the capital is washington , d . c .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is located in turkey .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is also spoken in great britain .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is located in turkey .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang halla .
electric guitar player aaron turner played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
cornell university , located in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 sq km .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is the language spoken .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
the novel castle is written in english .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
ace wilder was born in sweden . hip hop music has its origins in funk and funk . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
indian people live in india .
