akeem dent debuted with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston and played for the houston texans who play in texas .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
pop musician aleksandra kovač is part of the k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine english is the official language and one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and the chinese filipino people .
the azal arena is located in baku .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature novel with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for sv germania schoneiche and now plays for sv germania schoneiche .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
the quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi who make the audi a1 .
alison o &apos; donnell performs jazz music .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krashid rakhimov and fc terek grozny who play their home games in grozny and are managed by rashid rakhimov .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are led by ram naik and uses the hal light combat helicopter .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . doris bures is a leader in austria .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and new york city is the largest city .
alfredo zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and his musical genre is taquirari .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president .
the atlas ii was launched from the vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th december 2002 .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , in fort campbell .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is operated by enaire which is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is rahde bartolone .
soho press is located in the united states .
akeem priestley &apos; s club is ro ps and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , brooklyn .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of hiv .
austin , texas is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is the mayor .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz and afrobeat is a derivative of jazz .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and the fc kuban krasnodar club .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
honda makes the honda k engine .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
albert b . white , who was married to agnes ward white , started his career on march 4th 1901 and finished it on march 4th 1905 .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is found in the battle of baku .
springer science fiction is the publisher of the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which was founded by julius hamburg .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
a . s . gubbio 1910 &apos; s ground is in gubbio .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
jerry ordway was the creator of bibbo bibbowski .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania &apos; s ethnic group are the germans of romania .
anders osborne is associated with billy iuso , tab benoit and kirk joseph .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
azal pfk , which is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan , is the ground of azal pfk .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey &apos; s capital is washington d . c . and white americans are an ethnic group there .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
the atlas ii originates from the united states and was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay f . c . and manages a . f . c . fylde .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 . it has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the alternative name of black pirate is jon valor .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is fc karpaty lviv which is managed by jean - michel aulas . he also played for fc karpaty lviv , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
jerry ordway was the creator of bibbo bibbowski .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked alaska which comes from hong kong , france , united states .
ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 and has a background as a solo singer .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen and it has 16 , 000 students .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix .
aaron turner is an artist for the band twilight and performs ambient music . ambient music is ambient .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is 2900 metres long .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
springer science fiction is the publisher of the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which was founded by julius hamburg .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which should be served as a dessert , as is cookie .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
adam holloway was in the grenadier guards in the military and fought in the gulf war where george h w bush was a commander .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll performer from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
italian born alessio romagnoli played for the club u . c . sampdoria and is connected to uc sampdoria .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
the epoch of 1000 vk8 is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a ribicoff was born . he died in new york and was married to casey ribicoff .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california , united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
luciano spalletti manages a . s roma and plays for empoli f . c .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas voßkuhle .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is tabarleri aniti aniti .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and albany is located .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
slavey is one of the languages spoken in canada .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property and is located in pennsylvania , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 1873 . 0 and is 23 metres above sea level .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro and the leader is mark rutte . agnes kant is a national of the netherlands .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he played for fc rubin kazan and plays for fc spartak moscow .
the alhambra was built by samuda brothers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway length of 3990 . 0 . it is operated by the united states air force .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california , united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3 xn and it has 23 floors .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
alaa abdul zahra was born in iraq and his club is shabab al - ordon and he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party is the people &apos; s party ( spain ) .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi managed by levan khomeriki .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
aaron deer &apos; s record label is kill rock stars .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under 21 football team .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is georgetown .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alexandria , indiana is located at 265 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
new york city is part of new york .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
alison o &apos; donnell is a folk rock musician signed with floating world records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and there are 737 academic staff .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carroll county to its southeast .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an epoch date of june 27th 2015 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is gordon marsden . a . f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is gordon marsden .
andra was born in romania and is a solo singer who performs dance pop music .
alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal of commerce gold medal which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 / 09 / 1995 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to the record label warner music group .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak are ethnic groups in malaysia .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and the length is 2014 . 0 .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian air force , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham who was born in nottingham , england .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat is led by the gujarat legislative assembly and sumitra mahajan .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
agnes ward white was married to albert b . white .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is san marcos .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands april 1948 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera , which has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , attended the technical institute , kaduna .
alberto teisaire , a member of the labour party in argentina , was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron and was president .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city and is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway length is 3800 .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms . its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
synthpop is a form of pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he plays for fc dynamo moscow and the fc kuban krasnodar club .
the chairman of ferencvárosi tc is gáando kubatov .
adare manor , designed by philip mc manus , was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mc manus .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is trenton . atlantic city is part of new jersey , where newark is the largest city .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
the atlas ii was launched from the vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th december 2002 .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde which has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 , in serbia .
agnes ward white was married to albert b . white .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia where sergey sobyanin is a leader .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and english is spoken there .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
109 felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was constructed in 1904 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is tabarleri aniti aniti .
aleksandra kovač &apos; s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
bombing of libya was a battle of libya .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english is spoken and tony tan is a leader . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java and the javanese people are an ethnic group .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
aaron turner is an artist for the band twilight and performs ambient music . ambient music is ambient .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by t s thakur and narendra modi .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine . it is owned by p &amp; o and is located in london .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and asian canadians are an ethnic group .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the following musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , jwaydan , alexander pov , jano , jano , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of siomay . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the liberal democrats are leaders .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . country music uses the banjo as an instrument .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
american motors is the manufacturer of the amc matador which was succeeded by eagle . roy d chapin jr . is a subsidiary of american motors , where wheel horse is a key person .
walt disney studios motion pictures starred in the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . it comes from the philippines .
bananaman starred jill shilling and first aired on 3 october 1983 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
alan martin played football for the scotland national under 19 football team .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445000000 . 0 . its epoch is on the 31st of july 2016 .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , munster , county limerick and county limerick .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
baked alaska and cookie are desserts . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 launchpad which is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . the vila nova futebol clube have been champions of the league which is located in alagoas .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow and kaiser chiefs .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , studied at the technical institute , kaduna and worked as the chief of the defence staff .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover . the oclc number is 4980501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27th 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of france .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc anzhi makhachkala and his youth team is the otkrytiye arena .
fallujah is in iraq .
aaron turner is a singer who performs electroacoustic music and played for the band isis .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and the length is 1818 .
cake is a dessert , as is bionico .
the atlas ii originates from the united states and was launched from the vandenberg air force station .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 1472 . 2 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is tabarleri aniti aniti .
arem arem originates from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is rahde bartolone .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
the acharya institute of technology was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan , where the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
the main ingredient of a bacon explosion is sausage .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin and english is spoken .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
daniel gould fowle is the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was princeton university .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 and is associated with kornelije kovač .
binignit is a dessert from the region of visayas , philippines . it includes sago and sweet potatoes .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and lake placid , new york .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which is categorised as a contributing property . carroll county , maryland is southeast of cumberland county , maryland .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace located in courcouronnes and is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones ended his career in 1950 . disco derives from rhythm and blues .
abner was born in brazil .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is president barack obama .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 september 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma and is in the italian national under 16 &apos; s football team coached by rahele zoratto .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , which is led by elizabeth ii and is led by the parliament of the united kingdom . london is the capital of the united kingdom .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km .
the quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi who make the audi a1 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and led by the united states house of representatives .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in stockholm . he has a background as a solo singer and a songwriter .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al - zawra &apos; a sc which is located in al khor .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which has 23 floors and was designed by 3 xn .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he played for fc rubin kazan and plays for fc spartak moscow .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john clancy , was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area &apos; b &apos; and is led by the labour politician john clancy .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and old man gloom .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
alex plante was born in 1989 - 05 - 09 in canada . he played for the club anyang halla .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , united states .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline addiction .
general dynamics electric boat co . is the parent company of the general dynamics electric boat co . which built the american submarine nr - 1 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane sp a . c . lumezzane sp a , they have 4150 members .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
marv wolfman and jerry ordway created bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo .
alan shepard was a test pilot and is deceased .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was the mayor of stamford , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages . it was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
albennie jones is associated with the sammy price .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
bacon explosion originates from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war conflict .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas voßkuhle .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label universal records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 and frank borman was a representative of apollo 8 .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod . c .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w reid .
amsterdam - centrum is led by eberhard van der laan and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
bionico is a dessert that can be varied by using cottage cheese . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and spanish is spoken there .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and lake placid , new york .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began her career in 1963 and is associated with the flibbertigibbet band and the flibbet band .
daniel gould fowle is the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was princeton university .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
andra is a singer who is associated with the musical artist puya and the band crbl .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and is a solo singer who performs pop music .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the united states republican party .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 210 metres above sea level .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla .
the atlas ii was launched from the vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th december 2002 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where two of the leaders are prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6th 2005 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
massimo drago manages a . s . d . s . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which starred ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
atlanta falcons are based in the city of atlanta .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
antioch , is part of contra costa county , which is part of the san francisco bay area , in the san francisco bay area , in california , where english is spoken .
peter laird is a united states national .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the inhabitants are known as americans .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , harrietstown , new york , united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
elliot see , a us national , was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover . the oclc number is 4980501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a wizard of mars was published in english and originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
turkey &apos; s largest city is istanbul and the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is made of bronze .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 model began in 1937 .
english is the language of the united states .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is one of the languages spoken .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol in the uruguayan segunda división . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of penarol who play in the uruguayan segunda división league .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro and the leader is mark rutte . agnes kant is a national of the netherlands .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where two of the leaders are prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras .
bhajji comes from india where the indian people live .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and they play in the serie d league where the leader is sergio mattarella and the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from rome , italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of chicago is springfield , illinois is springfield .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abradab is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and played for f . c . bari 1908 .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war , where leon trotsky was a commander .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
marv wolfman and jerry ordway created bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , began his career on march 4th 1974 .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language spoken in great britain is english and there are many asian americans .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malays and minangkabau are ethnic groups in malaysia .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is barack obama .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod bc which is coached by zvi .
abner was born in brazil .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist numa moraes .
baked alaska is from france , where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders and french are leaders .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is san marcos .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots and fried shallots .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
the alv x - 1 has 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in stockholm . he has a background as a solo singer and a songwriter .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and launched at the ela - 3 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and an epoch date of july 14th 2004 .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow and kaiser chiefs .
aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 in serbia and is a solo singer who performs pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
dwight d . eisenhower preceded john f . kennedy .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 metres tall , was born in canada and played for the club anyang halla .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states , which is led by rahm emanuel .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . he performs rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
akeem dent was born on 27 / 09 / 1987 in atlanta , georgia and made his debut for the houston texans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alfa romeo 164 , opel vectra and opel vectra are related means of transport .
the asilomar conference grounds have the architectural style of arts and craftsman bungalows and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia .
antioch , california is 324 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale .
akeem adams played for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll . akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is the palo seco velodrome , the chairman of which , is gabor kubatov .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university . he is the editor of aip advances .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . s . nola 1925 . he once played for u . s . nola 1925 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states . he served in the united states army and fought in the whiskey rebellion .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is a mid - size car assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has an amc straight - 6 engine .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and the length is 2014 . 0 .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design layout .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the commander of apollo 12 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
edwin e . aldrin jr . was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
the creator of april o &apos; neil is kevin eastman .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where english is spoken and the largest city is san marcos .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands april 1948 .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , a periapsis of 445000000 . 0 and an epoch date of july 31st 2006 .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 hercules . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states air force who deploy the lockheed ac - 130 hercules .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in indonesia .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometre .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin vantage and the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin vantage .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
dunwoody is the largest city in de kalb county , georgia .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
shumai is located in china .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita prefecture .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
germans live in germany .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
al - zawra &apos; a sc is managed by basim qasim .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
ernie colon and paris cohn created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , originates from the united states .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . his record label is shanachie records .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is made of bronze and located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken . the book is also spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
luciano spalletti manages a . s roma and plays for empoli f . c .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is assembled in mexico city and has an amc v8 engine .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam holloway was born in faversham and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth club and now plays for central espanol who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 .
california &apos; s gemstone is benitoite .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen .
the alvis speed 25 has a 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with a 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
germans live in germany .
aaron turner is a singer who performs electroacoustic music and played for the band isis .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league in the russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow which played in the soviet union national football league .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
above the veil is written in english and is the sequel to aenir .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . the airport is named 18 l / 36 r .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 744 square kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 km .
akeem dent was born on 27 / 09 / 1987 in atlanta , georgia and made his debut for the houston texans .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
the finnish language is spoken in finland .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
christian burns plays the guitar .
livorno calcio &apos; s ground is in livorno and they play in the serie b league .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors , a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and paris cohkin .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener &apos; s bones and was written by brandon sanderson .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is san marcos and the county seat is san marcos .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g prabhukumar .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam koc , who died in new york city , fought in the polish – soviet war , where joseph stalin was a commander .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is us lesquin and he played for us lesquin .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for i ̇ stanbulspor a . s .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 / 09 / 1995 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium where german is spoken .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who are managed by giuseppe iachini . he also played for central espanol who play in the uruguayan seppe iachini .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres . the epoch date of 107 camilla is 31 december 2006 .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from the malay peninsula in malaysia .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has headquarters in four world trade center .
michele marcolini played for vicenza calcio and now plays for both vicenza calcio and vicenza calcio . the manager of a . c . lumezzane is pietro grasso .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas in the united states . fort worth is the largest city in texas and the capital is austin .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 and it has an apoapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 km .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is tabarleri aniti aniti .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the riverside art museum .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
walter baade , who died in west germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci played football for chelsea f . c .
beef kway teow comes from singapore and is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients of beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce and sesame oil are the main ingredients .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams &amp; wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the parent company of lippincott williams &amp; wilkins is wolters kluwer .
turkey &apos; s largest city is istanbul and the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is made of bronze .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 and represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . vermont &apos; s largest city is burlington .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the acharya institute of technology in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
paulo sousa manages the acf fiorentina and played for juventus f . c .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . his career ended on march 4th 1905 and his successor was william m . o . dawson .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and the governing body is cleveland city council .
arlington is part of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 km . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 km .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham , which is led by the conservative party ( uk ) .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 and it has an apoapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 km .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway length is 3800 .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for atlanta is 404 and it covers 344 . 9 sq km .
agr is the icao location identifier of agra airport which is located in agra and is operated by the airports authority of india and has the iata location identifier of agr .
buzz aldrin is from the united states and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
aek athens f . c . is managed by gus poyet who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza f . c .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
alex day performs synthpop music .
motherwell f . c . play in fir park .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is shanachie records .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
alan b miller hall in williamsburg , virginia was completed on june 1st 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
taro and cookie are desserts . binignit is a type of dessert .
new york city is part of new york .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from the malay peninsula in malaysia .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
rock musician anders osborne began performing in 1989 and is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars . he is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars .
elliot see , a us national , was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 and represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malays and minangkabau are ethnic groups in malaysia .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is associated with marry banilow .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
dutch is a language spoken in belgium .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
andrew rayel began his career in 2009 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , soy sauce , soy sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders .
the alfa romeo 164 , the fiat croma and the saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladinell putin .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and singapore . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , soya sauce , soy sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce and sesame oil .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is tabarleri aniti aniti .
dutch is a language spoken in belgium .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , ky and was raised in dothan , al .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the current tenants are robert a m stern and the current tenant is the mason school of business .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the united states democratic party . he worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
livorno calcio &apos; s ground is in livorno and they play in the serie b league .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property and is located in pennsylvania , united states .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader and the english language is spoken .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
abradab , who was born on november 12th 1978 , played with the band kaliber 44 and played with the rapper magik .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county and the largest city is houston . spanish is spoken in texas .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll performer from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is barack obama .
austin is part of texas .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt has played for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also played for sv werder bremen ii which is in the league 3 liga .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , harrietstown , new york , united states .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland . the people of finland are known as finns and juha sipila is a leader of finland .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 in serbia and is a solo singer who performs pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which is 248 pages long .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , is located in the united states .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso is a leader and rome is the capital .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
buzz aldrin is from the united states and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in malaysia .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
andra was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a solo singer and reality tv judge .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , play in the epsth 2nd group . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis mile dimitra efxeinoupolis .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the inhabitants are known as americans .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was the mayor of stamford , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a ribicoff was born . he is from new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the guitar .
aleksandr prudnikov , whose club is fc kuban krasnodar , was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikaz .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which has 23 floors .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is trenton . atlantic city is part of new jersey , where newark is the largest city .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
george winkler was the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and house music .
luciano spalletti manages a . s roma and plays for empoli f . c .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin rham / 1 are related means of transport .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres . the epoch date of 107 camilla is 31 december 2006 .
abel hernandez has played for hull city a . f . c . and the uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city afc .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
patrick mc loughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales which is led by patrick mc loughlin . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart which originates from the derbyshire dales region .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city and is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis and nikos voutsis .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and spent 100305 minutes in space .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and english is spoken .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and the runway length is 1533 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war , where leon trotsky was a commander .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house in london and broadcasting house in london .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
bananaman starred jill shilling and first aired on 3 october 1983 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
abner w . sibal ended his career on 3 january 1965 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet in length .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was constructed in 1904 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . malik muhammed rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the chinese people .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 and was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 11 operated apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and used to play for tennessee titans .
the christening date of the aid astella is march 17th 2013 and it is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
1000 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per sec .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are related means of transport .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days , an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , began his career on march 4th 1974 .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
a severed wasp is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team . he now plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and owned by live nation entertainment .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and the leader is the lars lokke rasmussen .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
baked alaska and cookie are desserts . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are at jinnah international airport .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 launchpad which is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4 hp18 qe ) transmission .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is gordon marsden . a . f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is gordon marsden .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla who are managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and it has a length of 2776 . 0 .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states . barack obama is the president of the united states , where english is the language spoken .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician signed with stanyan records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
italian born michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
ace wilder was born in sweden and his musical genre is hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
aleksandr prudnikov , whose club is fc kuban krasnodar , was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikaz .
albert b . white is a member of the united states republican party .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of ontoi . it has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis miliontoi .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , is located in the united states .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 and lives in kuching . he represented asajaya and belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat .
the distributing company is sony music entertainment .
james craig watson &apos; s alma mater is the university of michigan .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died on july 1941 in parkersburg , west virginia .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and owned by live nation entertainment .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and led by the united states house of representatives .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham who was born in nottingham , england .
abel hernandez has played for hull city a . f . c . and the uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city afc .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york , united states .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , oregon is in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and the italian language is spoken . the capital of italy is rome .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , which is led by the labour party .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country &apos; s leader is juha sipila and the people are known as finns .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi managed by levan khomeriki .
the christening date of the aid astella is march 17th 2013 and it is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
walter baade was born in the german empire and died in gottingen . he studied at the university of gottingen and discovered 1036 ganymed .
alex day performs synthpop music , a form of pop music , which has its stylistic origins in disco .
the county limerick is part of munster .
a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii , the war abner w sibal fought in .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii and joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
alison o &apos; donnell began her musical career in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band mellow candle and was signed to floating world records .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team .
daniel gould fowle is the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was princeton university .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , performs country music .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from rome , italy .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the united states democratic party . he worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which should be served as a dessert , as is cookie .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , which is led by the labour party .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . his former team was the new england patriots .
soho press is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa and the building was completed in 1964 .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and used to play for new england patriots .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of a club sandwich and bacon sandwich . lettuce is a variation of a club sandwich .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol in the uruguayan segunda división . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of penarol who play in the uruguayan segunda división league .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . kacy is the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 16 , 000 students . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post metal which uses the cello . he played with the band twilight and performed with the house of low culture .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla who are managed by luis miguel ramis .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on january 22nd 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 km .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( patacones ) , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and is located in the tudor and jacobean style .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth club and now plays for central espanol who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
aek athens f . c . &apos; s ground is in athens .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in netherlands .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
american , abraham a ribicoff , was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was the governor of connecticut .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and led by the united states house of representatives .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for the russia national football b team and fc tom tomsk .
general dynamics electric boat is the builder of the american submarine nr - 1 which has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and was built by general dynamics electric boat .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
binignit is a dessert from the mindanao region of the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is banana .
103 hera , which has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots and fried shallots .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country &apos; s leaders are sumitra mahajan and vajubhajan and vajubhajan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 1873 . 0 and is 23 metres above sea level .
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alfred moore scales began his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast and is headquartered in brussels .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , was succeeded by the aston martin virage , the capital of which , is london .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
alison o &apos; donnell is a folk rock musician signed with floating world records .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and its runway length is 2014 .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in netherlands .
george winkler was the architect of the 320 south boston building which is located in the united states and has 22 floors .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet in length .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krashid rakhimov and fc terek grozny who play their home games in grozny and are managed by rashid rakhimov .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza f . c .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 and its final flight was on 28 , 2014 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella are leaders .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he plays for fc dynamo moscow and the fc kuban krasnodar club .
jerry ordway was the creator of bibbo bibbowski .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
binignit is a dessert from the mindanao region of the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is banana .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , attended the technical institute , kaduna .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6th 2005 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is &quot; nurturing excellence &quot; .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is a leader .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season in greece .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krashid rakhimov and fc terek grozny who play their home games in grozny and are managed by rashid rakhimov .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is the mayor .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar who ended his career on may 29 , 1999 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and washington d . c . is the capital .
albert b . white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in marietta , west virginia and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in sweden .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans and used to play for the st louis rams .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and house music .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team . he now plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and played football for clyde f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone , which has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature novel with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and the oclc number is 51969173 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
aaron deer &apos; s record label is kill rock stars .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
afonso pena international airport is located 911 metres above sea level and is operated by infraero . the airport has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in stockholm . he has a background as a solo singer and a songwriter .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , dothan , alabama . he was originally a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and cake are types of dessert .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
alfred n . phillips was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
akron summit assault &apos; s full name is &quot; akron metro futbol &quot; .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league in the russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow which played in the soviet union national football league .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and owned by afc ajax n . v .
madrid is in spain .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akeem adams played for w connection f . c . , united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 hercules . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states air force who deploy the lockheed ac - 130 hercules .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod . c .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in great britain .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is mexican spanish .
alan b miller hall in williamsburg , virginia was completed on june 1st 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 nakadori and it has 3 floors .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , which was part of the american civil war conflict . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . kacy is the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast and is headquartered in brussels .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock which is located in london .
baked alaska and cookie are desserts . cookie is a type of dessert .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in the united states and began on 30th march 2007 .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 , 714 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and they play in the serie d league where the leader is sergio mattarella and the italian language is spoken .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz and afrobeat is a derivative of jazz .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 , lccn number 60040714 .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is known as the president .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
blt is a variation of a club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus , and giroux .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is published in mathematics .
christian heinrich was the discoverer of 109 felicitas .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps who play in the veikkkkausliiga league .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . its runway length is 896 .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , and is located in indiana , united states .
chicken is a class of bird .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are at jinnah international airport .
baked alaska and cookie are desserts . cookie is a type of dessert .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec .
anders osborne is associated with billy iuso , tab benoit and kirk joseph .
the county limerick is part of munster .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is the mexican peso .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and new york city is the largest city .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
abilene regional airport , located 546 metres above sea level , serves abilene , texas and has the icao location identifier 17 l / 35 r and a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
chicken is a class of bird .
james craig watson &apos; s alma mater is the university of michigan .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
eagle succeeded american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . country music uses the banjo as an instrument .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar for sumac . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , was succeeded by the aston martin virage , the capital of which , is london .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar who served in the nigerian army and was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and is available in print &amp; paperback .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the alfa romeo 164 , the fiat croma and the saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert , which should be served as a dessert .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in montevideo .
arianespace is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which was launched at the guiana space centre .
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa and the building was completed in 1964 .
bhajji comes from india where the indian people live .
barack obama is the leader of the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of akron , summit county , ohio .
alex plante was born in 1989 - 05 - 09 in canada . he played for the club anyang halla .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace located in courcouronnes and is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and is located in the tudor and jacobean style .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is san marcos and the county seat is san marcos .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal and is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
sara miller mc cune founded administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and was published by sage publications .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and now plays for al shorta sc .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and owned by afc ajax n . v .
livorno calcio &apos; s ground is in livorno and they play in the serie b league .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . the dean of the accademia is mario botta .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
the aston martin v8 , which is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 , is assembled at newport pagnell and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs which has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
nottingham is the birthplace of n . r . pogson .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and fsv babelsberg 03 . he is part of the fsv union berlin club .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and starred scott adsit disney studios motion pictures .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where arabic is spoken .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died on july 1941 in parkersburg , west virginia .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . india &apos; s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under 17 football team and plays for the az alkmaar club .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , was built by meyer werft who are located in rostock .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
adam holloway was born in kent .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and asian canadians are an ethnic group .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made from asphalt .
alan bean ( born on june 1981 ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot and david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps who play in the veikkkkausliiga league .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod . c .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso is a leader and rome is the capital .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , the leader of which is kochi .
gubbio comes from the region of umbria .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of france .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was in office while isaac rojas was president .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , and the lancia thema are related means of transport .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who deploy the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on libya . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on libya aircraft carriers and the lockheed ac - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association and has thomas pallesen as its dean and its dean is thomas pallesen .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 and represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . vermont &apos; s largest city is burlington .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the postcode is b and the leader is andrew mitchell .
alligator records is located in chicago .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 , a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian navy and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya and his predecessor was oladipo diya .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas , brazil .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
al anderson is a singer for the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
attica , indiana is 166 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . it includes ketchup as one of its ingredients and a club sandwich .
peter laird is an american national who created april o &apos; neil .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow and kaiser chiefs .
eagle succeeded american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod bc which is coached by zvi .
austin , texas is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is the mayor .
andra was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a solo singer and reality tv judge .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states , the capital of which is olympia .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson is a leader of london .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
italian born michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , and is located in indiana , united states .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and cake are types of dessert .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness in the american civil war which had jefferson davis as one of its commanders .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
allen forrest &apos; s genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient of siomay which can be found in indonesia .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of flowering plants and commelinids .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
rahele zoratto is the coach of the italian national under 16 football team .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where americans live and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is led by the president of the united states .
cake is a dessert , as is bionico .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
marriott international , founded in washington d . c . , is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
turkey &apos; s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the largest city is istanbul . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey &apos; s capital is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira .
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1 , 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and led by frank borman .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al khor .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the atlas ii originates from the united states and was launched from the vandenberg air force station .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alhambra was built by samuda brothers .
arianespace is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which was launched at the guiana space centre .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
alan martin played football for leeds united f . c . and now plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal and is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is fc karpaty lviv which is managed by jean - michel aulas . he also played for fc karpaty lviv , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and played football for clyde f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in the korean war .
dutch is a language spoken in belgium .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and the runway length is 1 , 533 .
honda makes the honda k engine .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 , lccn number 60040714 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , which is led by francis g slay and died in st louis .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and the length is 1818 .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and was a member of the united states whig party led by henry clay .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club a . c . sampdoria and plays for a . c . milan who are managed by siniša mihajlović .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian navy and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya and his predecessor was oladipo diya .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is known as the president .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country &apos; s leader is juha sipila and the people are known as finns .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he plays for fc dynamo moscow and the fc kuban krasnodar club .
the aston martin virage , manufactured by aston martin , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john madin , was born in birmingham , which has the postcode b and is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . anzaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it can be found in the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
alfred garth jones was born in england , uk and died in london .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an epoch date of june 27th 2015 .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 1472 . 2 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
alison o &apos; donnell began her musical career in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band mellow candle and was signed to floating world records .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . his record label is shanachie records .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and an epoch date of july 14th 2004 .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
blt is a variation of a club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . the dish ayam penyet is from singapore and also found in java .
alternative rock musician andrew white is a member of the band marry banilow and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and there are 737 academic staff .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season in greece .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
arem arem originates from indonesia and is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
the alhambra was originally wrecked .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the aston martin virage , manufactured by aston martin , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan frew is a performer of rock music , a musical fusion of which is bhangra music .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod bc which is coached by zvi .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his draft pick is 39 .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is us lesquin and he played for us lesquin .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet in length .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs which was succeeded by the aston martin virage . the aston martin virage is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
bhajji comes from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader and the currency is the rupee .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is published in mathematics .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock which is located in london .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe with a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a two door coupe body style .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar for sumac . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois .
turkey &apos; s largest city is istanbul and the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is made of bronze .
attica , indiana is 166 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has headquarters in four world trade center .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is 2900 metres long .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 and frank borman was a representative of apollo 8 .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
gabriela michetti is a leader in argentina .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kuet tze , whose deputy is stephen yong kuet tze .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . the dish ayam penyet is from singapore and also found in java .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the novel castle is written in english .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness in the american civil war which had jefferson davis as one of its commanders .
abilene regional airport , located 546 metres above sea level , serves abilene , texas and has the icao location identifier 17 l / 35 r and a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
aek athens f . c . &apos; s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague of greece , the previous champions of which are olympiacos f . c .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages . it was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , which is led by rahm emanuel .
marv wolfman is the creator of bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and one of the ingredients is hogao .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of math . the lccn number is 83646315 and the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives which is located in the united states .
the american journal of mathematics academic discipline is math .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is one of the languages spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for the russia national football b team and fc tom tomsk .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 km .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and used to play for new england patriots .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomatoes , is from rome , italy .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and one of the ingredients is hogao .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the novel castle is written in english .
adolf schärf was born in mikulov .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich and is a variation of a club sandwich .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w reid .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for sv germania schoneiche and now plays for sv germania schoneiche .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
kasim is the leader of atlanta .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , opp . gujarat university road , university road .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sandwich , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where dutch is spoken . antwerp is a leader in belgium .
the atlas ii was 3 . 04m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
elliot see , a us national , was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont , worked as the secretary of the state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
alessio romagnoli &apos; s youth club was a . s . roma .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group . the atlas ii originates from the u . s .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita prefecture .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . the reference number is 87000823 .
beef kway teow comes from singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , soy sauce , soy sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . is the full name of acf fiorentina s . p . a . and has 47290 members .
buzz aldrin ( born edwin eugene aldrin jr ) was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 11 operated by nasa .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania &apos; s ethnic group are the germans of romania .
alaa abdul zahra was born in iraq and his club is shabab al - ordon and he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as vice president of new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
general dynamics electric boat co . is the parent company of the general dynamics electric boat co . which built the american submarine nr - 1 .
peter stoger has been manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for sk vorwacker modling and fk austria wien club .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm and fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . fc amkar perm is the chairman of fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under 17 football team and plays for the az alkmaar club .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich and is a variation of a club sandwich .
albany , georgia has area codes 229 .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
alan shepard was a test pilot and is deceased .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is the iraq national under 23 football team which is managed by amar osim . alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc who play their home games at al khor .
the alfa romeo 164 , opel vectra and opel vectra are related means of transport .
airey neave was a member of the royal artillery and was awarded the royal artillery .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bbowski .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and was a member of the united states whig party led by henry clay .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team , which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are at jinnah international airport .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under 17 football team and plays for the az alkmaar club .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
english is spoken in canada .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the leaders of catalonia are the parliament of catalonia and spaniards .
a . f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is the mechanics .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
abradab was born in poland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader of sri lanka .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . the monument is located in turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java where english is spoken . the dish ayam penyet is from singapore and also found in java .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and john digweed .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country &apos; s leader is juha sipila and the people are known as finns .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
aek athens f . c . is managed by gus poyet who has played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza f . c .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas and english is spoken there .
the atlas ii was 3 . 04m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
sandesh and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and banana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and the governing body is cleveland city council .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway named 4 / 22 .
allan shivers , a member of the democratic party in the united states , was the governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
the amc matador , which was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin , was manufactured in 1974 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a ribicoff was born . he is from new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist numa moraes .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
al anderson plays the guitar for the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
alan frew performs rock music .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number is 8805735 .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . 08 / 26 , a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related means of transport .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
arem arem originates from indonesia and is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
bhajji comes from india where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders and the currency is the rupee .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and jazz originated .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
amsterdam noord is led by eberhard van der laan and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
alan b miller hall in williamsburg , virginia was completed on june 1st 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway length is 3800 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
abradab is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and john digweed .
peter laird is an american national who created april o &apos; neil .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region and one of the ingredients is hogao .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president . spanish is spoken in argentina .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where english is spoken and the largest city is san marcos .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . 08 / 26 , a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alfred n . phillips was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
sandesh and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and banana .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on 21 / 21 / 2013 and its final flight was on 18 / 2013 - 18 .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 and its final flight was on 28 , 2014 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and launched at the ela - 3 .
tomato belongs to the order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has headquarters in four world trade center .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for the russia national football b team and fc tom tomsk .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which is the publisher of a long long way .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mb as . he worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport in netherlands .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who deploy the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on libya . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on libya aircraft carriers and the lockheed ac - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
akeem adams played for the t &amp; tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
rock musician anders osborne began performing in 1989 and is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars . he is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . the airport is named 18 l / 36 r .
akeem adams played for w connection f . c . , united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam , which was part of the american civil war conflict . robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors , which is the manufacturer of the amc matador .
alaa abdul zahra was born in iraq and his club is shabab al - ordon and he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post metal which uses the cello . he played with the band twilight and performed with the house of low culture .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , and the lancia thema are related means of transport .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
stephen yong kuet tze was the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kuet tze .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit can be found .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
elliot see died in st louis , kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which uses the colour red and is led by mark rutte .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges river is a river in india .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin vantage and the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin vantage .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked as the parliamentary group leader . the country is led by mark rutte .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is based in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and is 507 metres above sea level . its runway length is 2003 .
the fiat croma , opel vectra and opel vectra are related means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
allen forrest &apos; s genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , a periapsis of 445000000 . 0 and an epoch date of july 31st 2006 .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445000000 . 0 . its epoch is on the 31st of july 2016 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states , which is led by rahm emanuel .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladinell putin .
carnival corporation &amp; plc is the parent company of aida cruises who built the aid astella which is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane sp a . c . lumezzane sp a , they have 4150 members .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
synthpop is a form of pop music .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . his career ended on march 4th 1905 and his successor was william m . o . dawson .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days , an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
turkey &apos; s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the largest city is istanbul . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey &apos; s capital is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and new york city is the largest city .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . country music uses the banjo as an instrument .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the current tenants are robert a m stern and the current tenant is the mason school of business .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a coupe with a straight - four engine .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline addiction .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club a . c . sampdoria and plays for a . c . milan who are managed by siniša mihajlović .
the alfa romeo 164 , opel vectra and opel vectra are related means of transport .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
al - zawra &apos; a sc is managed by basim qasim .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll performer from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the maiden flight of the antares rocket was on july 13th 2014 and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 september 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is found in the battle of baku .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on their aircraft carriers .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he represented asajaya and belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita prefecture .
the alvis speed 25 model began in 1937 .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie .
the delta ii was launched at the vandenberg air force base and is comparable to the delta ii .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron and is a division of audi e - tron .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
allan shivers , a member of the democratic party in the united states , was the governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde which has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
adam holloway was born in faversham and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the commander of apollo 12 .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
a wizard of mars was published in english and originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , opp . gujarat university , university road , university road .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines , where the spoken language is philippine english . sandesh is also a dessert .
alan martin played football for the scotland national under 19 football team .
the atlas ii originates from the united states and was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania &apos; s national anthem is desteapta - te , române !
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . malik muhammed rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is located in schenectady , new york , united states .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th 1978 . he played with kaliber 44 and played with the rapper magik .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics which was first published by johns hopkins university press .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometre . the total area of atlantic city is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
john buscema won the eisner award .
aleksandra kovač &apos; s musical genre is rhythm and blues .
airey neave fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas voßkuhle .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands april 1948 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where two of the leaders are prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras .
aleksandr prudnikov , whose club is fc kuban krasnodar , was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc alania vladikaz .
arlington is part of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , munster , county limerick and county limerick .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and used to play for tennessee titans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken . the book was written in english which is also spoken in great britain .
above the veil is written in english and is the sequel to aenir .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms .
austin , texas has a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 703 . 95 sq km .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , and the lancia thema are related means of transport .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometre . the total area of atlantic city is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
anaheim is in orange county , california , united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and albany is located .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of chicago is springfield , illinois is springfield .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 and lives in kuching . he represented asajaya and belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics which was first published by johns hopkins university press .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in that state .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
antwerp international airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and serves the city of antwerp .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of montevideo is the politician daniel martínez .
michigan is located in the united states .
aaron hunt played for sv werder bremen .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar who ended his career on may 29 , 1999 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york and publishes the association of public and land - grant universities .
antioch , is part of contra costa county , which is part of the san francisco bay area , in the san francisco bay area , in california , where english is spoken .
carnival corporation &amp; plc is the parent company of aida cruises who built the aid astella which is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which uses the colour red and is led by mark rutte .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace located in courcouronnes and is located at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in great britain .
alex plante was born in 1989 - 05 - 09 in canada . he played for the club anyang halla .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3500 metres long .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( led by tony tan ) . the baduy people are an ethnic group of java and standard chinese is spoken there .
akron summit assault &apos; s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also includes banana .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . the inhabitants of the united states are called americans and african americans are an ethnic group .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , located in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property . to the west of adams county is cumberland county and to the west of cumberland county , maryland is carroll county , maryland .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is located in blackpool .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc .
the musician andrew white is associated with marry banilow .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
bacon explosion originates from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 , in serbia .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas , where english is spoken and austin is part of williamson county .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27th 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
anaheim is part of california and led by the united states house of representatives .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . he performs rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener &apos; s bones and was written by brandon sanderson .
the delta ii was launched at the vandenberg air force base and is comparable to the delta ii .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
andra was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a solo singer and reality tv judge .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where arabic is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient of siomay which can be found in indonesia .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
orange county , california is in the united states .
madrid is in spain .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the oclc number 4980501 .
tomato belongs to the order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
alexandria , indiana is located at 265 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a coupe with a straight - four engine .
the alhambra , which was launched on 31st may 1855 , is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine . it is owned by p &amp; o and is located in london .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . susana diaz is the leader of the country where the spaniards are an ethnic group and where spanish is spoken .
ace wilder was born in sweden and his musical genre is hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 33968 kelvins .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who performs pop music .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
the alv x - 1 was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . the dean of the accademia is mario botta .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the united states democratic party . he worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the president of the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
airey neave was a member of the royal artillery and was awarded the royal artillery .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines , where the spoken language is philippine english . sandesh is also a dessert .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors , which is the manufacturer of the amc matador .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is associated with marry banilow .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and is 268 . 0 above sea level .
california &apos; s gemstone is benitoite .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sandwich , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
springer science fiction is the publisher of the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which was founded by julius hamburg .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
alex day performs synthpop music , a form of pop music , which has its stylistic origins in disco .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland . the people of finland are known as finns and juha sipila is a leader of finland .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
general dynamics electric boat is the builder of the american submarine nr - 1 which has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and was built by general dynamics electric boat .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 and it has an apoapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 km .
bhajji comes from india where the indian people live .
joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii , the war abner w sibal fought in .
the amc matador , which was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin , was manufactured in 1974 .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his musical genre is candombe .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician signed with stanyan records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
buzz aldrin is from the united states and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
103 hera , which has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and the connecticut huskc club .
audi was founded by august horch .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 km . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 km .
the audi a1 is a supermini car with a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel - drive layout . it is assembled at audi brussels , front - wheel drive .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
fruit preserves are an ingredient of bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 and has a background as a solo singer .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he played for the club anyang halla .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken . the book was written in english which is also spoken in great britain .
antioch , california has area code 925 .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is tabarleri aniti aniti .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , maryland and its nearest city is frederick .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
alfredo zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and his musical genre is taquirari .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . susana diaz is the leader of spain and the country is led by felipe vi of spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . susana diaz is the leader of the country where the spaniards are an ethnic group and where spanish is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for i ̇ stanbulspor a . s .
fallujah is in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in montevideo .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and the oclc number is 51969173 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and is 2900 metres long .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
batchoy comes from the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in the dish is lemon which is part of the order of rosids and the rutaceae family .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 metres tall , was born in canada and played for the club anyang halla .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is milonga .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
anders osborne is associated with johnny sansone .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
the atlas ii originates from the united states and was launched from the vandenberg air force station .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 and was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 11 operated apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
the academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv / aids and it has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
salem is the capital of oregon which is the location of albany .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g prabhukumar .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of flowering plants and commelinids .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat is led by the gujarat legislative assembly and sumitra mahajan .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
akeem adams played for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll . akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is the palo seco velodrome , the chairman of which , is gabor kubatov .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
aleksander barkov jr is 1 . 905 tall .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al - zawra &apos; a sc which is located in al khor .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , soy sauce , soy sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was awarded the cross of france , and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
103 colmore row , birmingham , has 23 floors and was started in 1976 .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are led by ram naik and uses the hal light combat helicopter .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
the star - spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
afc blackpool &apos; s full name is association football club blackpool .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is the iraq national under 23 football team which is managed by amar osim . alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc who play their home games at al khor .
juan carlos i of spain &apos; s predecessor was francisco franco .
construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it is 45000 . 0 millimetres long and is 45000 . 0 millimetres long .
beef kway teow comes from singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , soy sauce , soy sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the musician andrew white is signed to b - unique records .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york and publishes the association of public and land - grant universities .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
anaheim is part of california and led by the united states house of representatives .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . the reference number is 87000823 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which is 248 pages long .
angola international airport , located in icolo e bengo , serves luanda and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , performs country music .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is found in the battle of baku .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , in fort campbell .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al and has 512 pages . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
airey neave started his career on 30th june 1953 .
john wiley &amp; sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it is 45000 . 0 millimetres long and is 45000 . 0 millimetres long .
amsterdam &apos; s leader is eberhard van der laan .
bhajji comes from india where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders and the currency is the rupee .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
the antares rocket , which was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
azal pfk , which is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan , is the ground of azal pfk .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 744 square kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 km .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . the monument is located in turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which is the publisher of a long long way .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
dwight d . eisenhower preceded john f . kennedy .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
alligator records is located in chicago .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label universal records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which is the publisher of a long long way .
andrew rayel began his career in 2009 .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in california .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and is 507 metres above sea level . its runway length is 2003 .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bbowski .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
the musician andrew white is signed to b - unique records .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis and nikos voutsis .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
alfred garth jones was born 1872 in manchester , england , uk and died in london .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from the malay peninsula in malaysia .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a ribicoff was born . he died in new york and was married to casey ribicoff .
nottingham is the birthplace of n . r . pogson .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was founded in schenectady , new york .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the oclc number 4980501 .
aaron hunt played for sv werder bremen .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a bachelor of science degree .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore .
azal pfk , which is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan , is the ground of azal pfk .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 km / h and is 252000 . 0 millimetres long .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and asian south africans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the following musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , jwaydan , alexander pov , jano , jano , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun , sylvia tosun .
virginia de marce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is available in print form and has 448 pages .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , the leader of which is kochi .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company located in coventry .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on prince edward island in 1986 - 12 - 12 .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in the united states and began on 30th march 2007 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 september 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
the audi a1 is a supermini car with a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel - drive layout . it is assembled at audi brussels , front - wheel drive .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
st louis rams are based in the city of st louis .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny and the manager is rashid rakhimov .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country &apos; s anthem is desteapta - te , române !
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , which was part of the american civil war conflict . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his musical genre is candombe .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
amsterdam noord is led by eberhard van der laan and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . the airport is named 18 l / 36 r .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 57 days , an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where opelika is the county seat .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of abel hernandez .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
afc blackpool ( full name : association football club blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
the azal arena is located in baku .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the star - spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the native name is turk sehitleri . the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , studied at the technical institute , kaduna and worked as the chief of the defence staff .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the liberal democrats are leaders .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
107 camilla was discovered by nottingham who was born in nottingham , england .
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend .
the finnish language is spoken in finland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is called the president . the english language is spoken in great britain and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university . he is the editor of aip advances .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , is operated by aida cruises who are located in genoa .
fruit preserves are an ingredient of bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed with the rca records label .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed with the rca records label .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam , which was part of the american civil war conflict . robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york , united states .
the academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv / aids and it has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit can be found .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the amc matador , which was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin , was manufactured in 1974 .
adolf schärf was born in mikulov .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms . its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
mendrisio is a neighboring municipality in meride , switzerland .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and the runway length is 1533 . 0 .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol &apos; s youth club and now plays for central espanol who are managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
beef kway teow comes from singapore and is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients of beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce and sesame oil are the main ingredients .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . india &apos; s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai .
tony tan is a leader in singapore and indonesia . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , who originated from canada and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro and the leader is mark rutte . agnes kant is a national of the netherlands .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
rock musician anders osborne began performing in 1989 and is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars . he is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
sandesh and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and banana .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs electroacoustic music .
alan frew performs rock music .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey &apos; s capital is washington d . c . and white americans are an ethnic group there .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university . he is the editor of aip advances .
the main ingredient of a bacon explosion is sausage .
aleksander barkov jr is 1 . 905 tall .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 sq km .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
audi was founded by august horch .
alderney airport serves alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . its 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and is a solo singer who performs pop music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken . the book is also spoken in great britain .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and the capital is rome and the official language is italian .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language spoken in great britain is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3500 metres long .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and old man gloom .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
ducati is a subsidiary of audi which was founded by august horch . ducati is a subsidiary of audi and lamborghini is a subsidiary of audi .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the liberal democrats are leaders .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league in the russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow which played in the soviet union national football league .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
anders osborne is associated with billy iuso , tab benoit and kirk joseph .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the alhambra , which was launched on 31st may 1855 , is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states . barack obama is the president of the united states , where english is the language spoken .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , is operated by aida cruises who are located in genoa .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the united states republican party .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , raisins and raisins .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country &apos; s leaders are sumitra mahajan and vajubhajan and vajubhajan .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
blt is a variation of a club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , which is led by the labour party .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was founded in schenectady , new york .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
abradab , who was born on november 12th 1978 , played with the band kaliber 44 and played with the rapper magik .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is the iraq national under 23 football team which is managed by amar osim . alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc who play their home games at al khor .
above the veil is available in print .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
marriott international , founded in washington d . c . , is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
california &apos; s gemstone is benitoite .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his draft pick is 39 .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . is the full name of acf fiorentina s . p . a . and has 47290 members .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a name of 10 r / s .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and albany is located .
akeem adams played for the t &amp; tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and english is spoken .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
a severed wasp is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
antioch , is part of contra costa county , which is part of the san francisco bay area , in the san francisco bay area , in california , where english is spoken .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin rham / 1 are related means of transport .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . its epoch date was on 31 december 2006 and its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma .
agr is the icao location identifier of agra airport which is located in agra and is operated by the airports authority of india and has the iata location identifier of agr .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
pop musician aleksandra kovač is part of the k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . anzaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house in london and broadcasting house in london .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o &apos; donnell is a bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it can be found in the philippines .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including chinatown , san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
allen forrest &apos; s genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
alv x - 1 hails from the us , where washington d . c . is the capital and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abdulsalami abubakar was the chief of the defence staff in daggash and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was a rear admiral in the argentine navy . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
a wizard of mars was published in english and originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean ( born on june 1981 ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot and david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones ended his career in 1950 . disco derives from rhythm and blues .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft in genoa and operated by aida cruises .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and lake placid , new york .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots and fried shallots .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny and the manager is rashid rakhimov .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the largest city in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean is from the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc anzhi makhachkala and his youth team is the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus , and giroux .
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are led by ram naik and uses the hal light combat helicopter .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is found in the battle of baku .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . the inhabitants of the united states are called americans and african americans are an ethnic group .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan shepard was a test pilot and is deceased .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a name of 10 r / s .
alan martin , who is 185 . 42 cm tall , was born on january 21 , 1989 and played for the scotland national under 21 football team .
andra was born in romania and is a solo singer who performs dance pop music .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and old man gloom .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is known as the president .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , the country of which , is led by horacio rodríguez larreta . spanish is spoken in argentina .
al anderson plays the guitar for the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company located in coventry .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , was succeeded by the aston martin virage , the capital of which , is london .
alan bean is from the united states .
al - zawra &apos; a sc is managed by basim qasim .
barny cakes contain 30 . 0 g of serving in the size of 30 .
beef kway teow comes from singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , soy sauce , soy sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the audi a1 is a supermini car with a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel - drive layout . it is assembled at audi brussels , front - wheel drive .
denmark demonym is danes .
massimo drago manages a . s . d . s . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
austin , texas has a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 703 . 95 sq km .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . the monument is located in turkey , which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design layout .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat is led by the gujarat legislative assembly and sumitra mahajan .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are led by ram naik and uses the hal light combat helicopter .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and plays rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury , ireland . the palace of westminster is led by augustus pugin and the palace of westminster .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the voice of bodhran , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz which originated from the blues and afrobeat is a derivative of jazz music .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language spoken in great britain is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
abradab is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team , which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and the length is 2014 . 0 .
acoustic musician alex day began performing in 2006 and is associated with the band chameleon circuit .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the native name is tabarleri aniti aniti .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war which included the battle of gettysburg in which alfred moore scales fought .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the postcode is b and the leader is andrew mitchell .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for the club a . c . sampdoria and plays for a . c . milan who are managed by siniša mihajlović .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
kasim is the leader of atlanta .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on january 22nd 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
stephen yong kuet tze was the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kuet tze .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the riverside art museum .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3 xn and it has 23 floors .
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and was founded in schenectady , new york .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly , california .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred ryan potter and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
11264 claudiomaccone , which has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps who play in the veikkkkausliiga league .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27th 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey whose headquarters are in the four world trade center .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . is the full name of acf fiorentina s . p . a . and has 47290 members .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin vantage and the aston martin vantage succeeded the aston martin vantage .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde which has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region .
the antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . 08 / 26 , a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and the runway length is 1 , 533 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover . the oclc number is 4980501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine english is the official language and one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and the chinese filipino people .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
walt disney studios motion pictures starred in the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
akeem dent debuted with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston and played for the houston texans who play in texas .
akron summit assault &apos; s full name is &quot; akron metro futbol &quot; .
italian born alessio romagnoli played for the club u . c . sampdoria and is connected to uc sampdoria .
alison o &apos; donnell is a bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 km . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 km .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , dothan , alabama . he was originally a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of ontoi . it has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis miliontoi .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine english is the official language and one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and the chinese filipino people .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1 , 1969 . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on apollo 8 .
agnes kant was born in west germany and resides in doesburg . his alma mater was radboud university nijmegen and he worked as a member of the house of representatives .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was founded in washington , d . c .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a dessert that can be varied by using cottage cheese . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and spanish is spoken there .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
president ahmet davutoglu is the capital of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey .
albany , georgia has area codes 229 .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 and was awarded 20 awards . he is now retired .
abel caballero , who was born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of king juan carlos i of spain whose predecessor was francisco franco . juan carlos i of spain &apos; s predecessor was francisco franco .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
alan bean is from the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and honey can be varied by bionico .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the maiden flight of the antares rocket was on july 13th 2014 and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 sq km .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is fc karpaty lviv which is managed by jean - michel aulas . he also played for fc karpaty lviv , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , which is led by rahm emanuel .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece . they played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and the italian language is spoken . the capital of italy is rome .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
new york city is part of new york .
andra was born in romania and is a solo singer who performs dance pop music .
abner is a footballer for the club real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
abradab , who was born on november 12th 1978 , played with the band kaliber 44 and played with the rapper magik .
indonesian is the language of indonesia .
peter laird is an american national who created april o &apos; neil .
alexandria , indiana is located at 265 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 6 . 81 sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 cm tall . he played for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which has 23 floors and was designed by 3 xn .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
109 felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , the capital of which , is washington , d . c .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola . it can be found in mexico .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association and has thomas pallesen as its dean and its dean is thomas pallesen .
motherwell f . c . play in fir park .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of rhythm and blues and is an artist for the band kristina kovač .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the greek new democracy party , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
the christening date of the aid astella is march 17th 2013 and it is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
the fiat croma , opel vectra and opel vectra are related means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian air force , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . india &apos; s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio with a honda k engine and front - wheel drive .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also includes banana .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , who originated from canada and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken . the book is also spoken in great britain .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka , where ampara hospital is located .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under 21 football team .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
st louis rams are based in the city of st louis .
agnes ward white was married to albert b . white .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of akron , summit county , ohio .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia where sergey sobyanin is a leader .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he fought in the gulf war and began his career on 5th may 2005 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
marv wolfman is the creator of bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi managed by levan khomeriki .
críona dhálaigh is the leader of dublin .
the alfa romeo 164 , the fiat croma and the saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway length is 3800 .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with magik and kaliber 44 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and the connecticut huskc club .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
manhattan is part of new york .
alessio romagnoli &apos; s youth club was a . s . roma .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 1873 . 0 and is 23 metres above sea level .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where americans live and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is led by the president of the united states .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , performs country music .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , united states .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley &apos; s club is ro ps and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock .
a . c . chievo verona , italy , has 39371 members .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number is 8805735 .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15th april 1986 .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which has its stylistic origins in country . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the chinese people .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . susana diaz is the leader of the country where the spaniards are an ethnic group and where spanish is spoken .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th 1978 . he played with kaliber 44 and played with the rapper magik .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25 , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it is 45000 . 0 millimetres long and is 45000 . 0 millimetres long .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
virginia de marce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is available in print form and has 448 pages .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
above the veil is written in english and is the sequel to aenir .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al and has 512 pages . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 metres tall , was born in canada and played for the club anyang halla .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al and has 512 pages . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was the mayor of stamford , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 .
rhythm and blues musician ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states .
a severed wasp is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
sandesh and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potatoes .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey &apos; s capital is washington d . c . and white americans are an ethnic group there .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group . the atlas ii originates from the u . s .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including chinatown , san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he played for the club anyang halla .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 . 0 kelvins .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party is the people &apos; s party ( spain ) .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
walt disney studios motion pictures starred in the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe with a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a two door coupe body style .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in california .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and his club is psv eindhoven .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the acura tlx and honda accord are related means of transport .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states , the capital of which is olympia .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club .
james craig watson , a canadian national who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin on september 7th 1868 .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , a periapsis of 445000000 . 0 and an epoch date of july 31st 2006 .
sara miller mc cune founded administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and was published by sage publications .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans and used to play for the st louis rams .
english is the language of the united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the commander of apollo 12 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and the length is 1818 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . s . nola 1925 . he once played for u . s . nola 1925 .
a long long way was written in english .
alan bean is from the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 1472 . 2 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and launched at the ela - 3 .
joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii , the war abner w sibal fought in .
alfred garth jones was born in england , uk and died in london .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president . spanish is spoken in argentina .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola . it can be found in mexico .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and it is 3990 . 0 long .
jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of abel hernandez .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is one of the languages spoken .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology &apos; s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where opelika is the county seat .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malays and minangkabau are ethnic groups in malaysia .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of abel hernandez .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
allan shivers , a member of the democratic party in the united states , was the governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
alan martin played football for accrington stanley f . c . whose home ground is accrington stanley f . c .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6th 2005 .
michigan is located in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
aaron deer , from indiana , united states , performs psychedelia music .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is trenton . atlantic city is part of new jersey , where newark is the largest city .
alex day performs synthpop music , a form of pop music , which has its stylistic origins in disco .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th 1978 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by t s thakur and narendra modi .
general dynamics electric boat co . is the parent company of the general dynamics electric boat co . which built the american submarine nr - 1 .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
the creator of april o &apos; neil is kevin eastman .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of chicago is springfield , illinois is springfield .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian navy and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya and his predecessor was oladipo diya .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed with the rca records label .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and was a member of the united states whig party led by henry clay .
soho press is located in the united states .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
the asilomar conference grounds have the architectural style of arts and craftsman bungalows and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under 21 football team .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1 , 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and led by frank borman .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( patacones ) , avocado and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway named 4 / 22 .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician signed with floating world records and floating world records .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs which has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from rome , italy .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 km . it has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 km .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the greek new democracy party , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . susana diaz is the leader of spain and the country is led by felipe vi of spain .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . the university is located in ithaca , new york and publishes the association of public and land - grant universities .
aleksandra kovač &apos; s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the voice of bodhran , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz which originated from the blues and afrobeat is a derivative of jazz music .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometre .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
al anderson is a singer for the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
peter laird is a united states national .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with magik and kaliber 44 .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny and the manager is rashid rakhimov .
bhajji comes from india where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders and the currency is the rupee .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is austin fernando .
alex day performs synthpop music .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was chosen by nasa in 1962 . he died in st louis .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is rahde bartolone .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
abel hernandez has played for hull city a . f . c . and the uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city afc .
taro and cookie are desserts . binignit is a type of dessert .
akron summit assault &apos; s full name is &quot; akron metro futbol &quot; .
abner was born in brazil .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states , the capital of which is olympia .
dwight d . eisenhower preceded john f . kennedy .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader and the currency is the euro .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county and the largest city is houston . spanish is spoken in texas .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
the alvis speed 25 has a 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with a 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints .
alaa abdul zahra &apos; s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al - zawra &apos; a sc which is located in al khor .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 km per sec .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was a rear admiral in the argentine navy . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , united states .
maple ridge township is part of alpena county , michigan , united states .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , began his career on march 4th 1974 .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors , a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid astella .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
indian people live in india .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
john wiley &amp; sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the inuktitut language is spoken .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . he performs rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the native name is turk sehitleri . the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
honda makes the honda k engine .
anders osborne is a blues artist who began performing in 1989 and is associated with billy iuso and billy iuso .
aaron bertram is an artist for the suburban legends band which originated from ska music . ska punk has its stylistic origins in ska .
alberto teisaire , a member of the labour party in argentina , was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron and was president .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
alan frew is a performer of rock music , a musical fusion of which is bhangra music .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport is located 911 metres above sea level and is operated by infraero . the airport has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is shanachie records .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . his career ended on march 4th 1905 and his successor was william m . o . dawson .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with marius moga and marius moga .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla who are managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked as the parliamentary group leader . the country is led by mark rutte .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as vice president of new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
109 felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is assembled in mexico city and has an amc v8 engine .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is associated with marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
alison o &apos; donnell is a bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
karl &apos; s nationality is american .
airey neave was a member of the royal artillery and was awarded the royal artillery .
american motors is the manufacturer of the amc matador which was succeeded by eagle . roy d chapin jr . is a subsidiary of american motors , where wheel horse is a key person .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the alv x - 1 has 2 rocket stages and a total of 2 . 524 metres .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was awarded the cross of france , and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in apollo 8 .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in umbria .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is president barack obama .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( patacones ) , avocado and lemon .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 1865 - 8784 - 8784 and the lccn number is 32024459 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is a mid - size car assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has an amc straight - 6 engine .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party is the people &apos; s party ( spain ) .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and the connecticut huskc club .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , the capital of which , is washington , d . c .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
akeem adams played for w connection f . c . , united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london , which is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
alv x - 1 hails from the us , where washington d . c . is the capital and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also includes banana .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
california &apos; s gemstone is benitoite .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron and is a division of audi e - tron .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovač &apos; s musical genre is rhythm and blues .
the acharya institute of technology in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella are leaders .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and washington d . c . is the capital .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label universal records which is located in london . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , is operated by aida cruises who are located in genoa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on prince edward island in 1986 - 12 - 12 .
pacific grove is part of california .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john clancy , was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area &apos; b &apos; and is led by the labour politician john clancy .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states . he served in the united states army and fought in the whiskey rebellion .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams &amp; wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the parent company of lippincott williams &amp; wilkins is wolters kluwer .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including chinatown , san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
fallujah is in iraq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the fiat croma , opel vectra and opel vectra are related means of transport . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania &apos; s national anthem is desteapta - te , române !
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where dutch is spoken . antwerp is a leader in belgium .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the american journal of mathematics academic discipline is math .
a . f . c . fylde ( full name &quot; association football club fylde &quot; ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in sweden .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is the mexican peso .
aleksandre guruli &apos; s club is us lesquin and he played for us lesquin .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx has an awd layout .
alex tyus was born in st louis , greater st louis , which is led by francis g slay .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , which is led by elizabeth ii and is led by the parliament of the united kingdom . london is the capital of the united kingdom .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w reid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language spoken in great britain is english and there are many asian americans .
the alvis speed 25 has a 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with a 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where arabic is spoken .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
alison o &apos; donnell performs jazz music .
alvah sabin began his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
edwin e . aldrin jr . was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is an alternative rock musician for the band kaiser chiefs .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm and fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . fc amkar perm is the chairman of fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on their aircraft carriers .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is mexican spanish .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 . it has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who deploy the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on libya . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on libya aircraft carriers and the lockheed ac - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 and died in london .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he represented asajaya and belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 1865 - 8784 - 8784 and the lccn number is 32024459 .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus , and giroux .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which is categorised as a contributing property . carroll county , maryland is southeast of cumberland county , maryland .
adam holloway was in the grenadier guards in the military and fought in the gulf war where george h w bush was a commander .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert , which should be served as a dessert .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 km / h and is 252000 . 0 millimetres long .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain .
aek athens f . c . &apos; s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague of greece , the previous champions of which are olympiacos f . c .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop is a form of pop music .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the president of the united states .
round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas , where english is spoken and austin is part of williamson county .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city and is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is a leader .
abner is a footballer for the club real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is the mayor .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , who originated from canada and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 744 square kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 km .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich and is a variation of a club sandwich .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has 3 floors .
anders osborne is associated with johnny sansone .
tony tan is a leader in singapore and indonesia . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
bombing of libya was a battle of libya .
afc blackpool ( full name : association football club blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
aaron deer &apos; s record label is kill rock stars .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john clancy , was born in birmingham , which has the postcode area &apos; b &apos; and is led by the labour politician john clancy .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . india &apos; s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai .
batchoy comes from the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on prince edward island in 1986 - 12 - 12 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 16 , 000 students . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomatoes , is from rome , italy .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors , a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
adolf schärf was born in mikulov .
ace wilder &apos; s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and plays rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alan martin played football for leeds united f . c . and now plays for hamilton academical f . c .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . and now plays for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
alessio romagnoli &apos; s youth club was a . s . roma .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
the celestial body known as 1000 vk8 has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . its epoch is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and paris cohkin .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . doris bures is a leader in austria .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is located in schenectady , new york , united states .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and now plays for al shorta sc .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , is located in the united states .
the aston martin v8 , which is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 , is assembled at newport pagnell and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th 1978 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is made of bronze and located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 , in serbia .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15th april 1986 .
walter baade was born in the german empire and died in gottingen . he studied at the university of gottingen and discovered 1036 ganymed .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 , lccn number 60040714 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
aaron deer , from indiana , united states , performs psychedelia music .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera , which has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
batchoy comes from the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the celestial body known as 1000 vk8 has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . its epoch is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
attica , indiana is 166 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war which included the battle of gettysburg in which alfred moore scales fought .
agr is the icao location identifier of agra airport which is located in agra and is operated by the airports authority of india and has the iata location identifier of agr .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , attended the technical institute , kaduna .
a . f . c . fylde ( full name &quot; association football club fylde &quot; ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3500 metres long .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 . 0 kelvins .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al khor .
the violet keystone is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by the violet keystone . it was followed by above the veil which was preceded by the violet keystone .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium where german is spoken .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london , which is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and english is spoken .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives which is located in the united states .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , which is led by elizabeth ii and is led by the parliament of the united kingdom . london is the capital of the united kingdom .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where opelika is the county seat .
akron summit assault &apos; s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
alex day performs synthpop music .
sandesh and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potatoes .
albert b . white , who was married to agnes ward white , started his career on march 4th 1901 and finished it on march 4th 1905 .
walter baade , who died in west germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
arem arem originates from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
aaron deer , from indiana , united states , performs psychedelia music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
albert b . white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in marietta , west virginia and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team , which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is the mayor .
slavey is one of the languages spoken in canada .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 33968 kelvins .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasilia .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he fought in the gulf war and began his career on 5th may 2005 .
arem arem originates from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
salem is the capital of oregon which is the location of albany .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . his former team was the new england patriots .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and used to play for new england patriots .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
carnival corporation &amp; plc is the parent company of aida cruises who built the aid astella which is owned by costa crociere who are located in germany .
al anderson is a member of the rock band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in blues . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . the dean of the accademia is mario botta .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and asian canadians are an ethnic group .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , which is part of the community of madrid where the leader party is ahora madrid .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
sara miller mc cune founded administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 and was published by sage publications .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
antwerp international airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and serves the city of antwerp .
walter baade , who died in west germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen and halton arp was a doctoral student of walter baade .
11264 claudiomaccone , which has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
elliot see , a us national , was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader and the english language is spoken .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is georgetown .
the antares rocket , which was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of rhythm and blues and is an artist for the band kristina kovač .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the antares rocket , which was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 which is operated by nasa and died in california where dianne feontoin is the senator .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are led by ram naik and uses the hal light combat helicopter .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the capital of italy is rome and the language spoken is italian .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of mellow candle and flibbertigibbet .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
antioch , california has area code 925 .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . it includes ketchup as one of its ingredients and a club sandwich .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam , which was part of the american civil war conflict . robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
christian heinrich was the discoverer of 109 felicitas .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
manhattan is part of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium where german is spoken .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
orange county , california is in the united states .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president . spanish is spoken in argentina .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma and is in the italian national under 16 &apos; s football team coached by rahele zoratto .
alan martin played football for accrington stanley f . c . whose home ground is accrington stanley f . c .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which uses the colour red and is led by mark rutte .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war which included the battle of gettysburg in which alfred moore scales fought .
aaron bertram is an artist for the suburban legends band which originated from ska music . ska punk has its stylistic origins in ska .
aaron hunt has played for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also played for sv werder bremen ii which is in the league 3 liga .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician signed with floating world records and floating world records .
aleksandra kovač &apos; s musical genre is rhythm and blues .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio with a honda k engine and front - wheel drive .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in indonesia .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka , where ampara hospital is located .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 , 714 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans and used to play for the st louis rams .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began her career in 1963 and is associated with the flibbertigibbet band and the flibbet band .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is operated by enaire which is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 km .
julia morgan &apos; s significant building is the los angeles herald examiner .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aleksander barkov jr is 1 . 905 tall .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , opp . gujarat university road , university road .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was in office while isaac rojas was president .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken . the us is also spoken in great britain .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe with a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a two door coupe body style .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , which is led by francis g slay and died in st louis .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where english is spoken and the largest city is san marcos .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alfred garth jones was born 1872 in manchester , england , uk and died in london .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alex tyus was born in st louis , greater st louis , which is led by francis g slay .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number is 8805735 .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed adare manor . the architect is augustus pugin .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar for sumac . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera , which has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , spent 13017 minutes in space .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has 3 floors .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where americans live and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in great britain .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , in fort campbell .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who are managed by giuseppe iachini . he also played for central espanol who play in the uruguayan seppe iachini .
alberto teisaire , a member of the labour party in argentina , was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron and was president .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is georgetown .
the alternative name of black pirate is jon valor .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th 1978 . he played with kaliber 44 and played with the rapper magik .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin are main ingredients in a bacon sandwich .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii and joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
aaron hunt has played for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he also played for sv werder bremen ii which is in the league 3 liga .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
bananaman starred jill shilling and first aired on 3 october 1983 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for i ̇ stanbulspor a . s .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
alternative rock musician andrew white is a member of the band marry banilow and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
aenir by garth nix , isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 , is a paperback and has 233 pages .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and is available in print &amp; paperback .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey whose headquarters are in the four world trade center .
eagle succeeded american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
al anderson is a singer for the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell began her career in 1963 and is associated with the flibbertigibbet band and the flibbet band .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( led by tony tan ) . the baduy people are an ethnic group of java and standard chinese is spoken there .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is san marcos and the county seat is san marcos .
baked alaska and cookie are desserts . cookie is a type of dessert .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . his record label is shanachie records .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the riverside art museum .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . doris bures is a leader in austria .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and jazz originated .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and played football for clyde f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from paris , new york , united states .
italian born michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , which is led by rahm emanuel .
alan martin played football for leeds united f . c . and now plays for hamilton academical f . c .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
adare manor , designed by philip mc manus , was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mc manus .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 km per sec .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
marv wolfman and jerry ordway created bibbo bibbo bibbo bibbo .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
motherwell f . c . play in fir park .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 210 metres above sea level .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
alison o &apos; donnell began her musical career in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is an artist for the band mellow candle and was signed to floating world records .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he played for the club anyang halla .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and the capital is rome and the official language is italian .
alvah sabin was born on october 23 , 1793 and represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . vermont &apos; s largest city is burlington .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which is 248 pages long .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states , which is led by rahm emanuel .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest , the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
gubbio comes from the region of umbria .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in montevideo .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
akeem dent was born on 27 / 09 / 1987 in atlanta , georgia and made his debut for the houston texans .
austin , texas is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is the mayor .
afc blackpool &apos; s full name is association football club blackpool .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the oclc number 4980501 .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
ernie colon and paris cohn created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
pop musician aleksandra kovač is part of the k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams &amp; wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the parent company of lippincott williams &amp; wilkins is wolters kluwer .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . it comes from the philippines .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges river is a river in india .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
baked alaska is from france , where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders and french are leaders .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located in azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
general dynamics electric boat is the builder of the american submarine nr - 1 which has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and was built by general dynamics electric boat .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , opp . gujarat university , university road , university road .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
akeem dent debuted with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston and played for the houston texans who play in texas .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway length of 3990 . 0 . it is operated by the united states air force .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane sp a . c . lumezzane sp a , they have 4150 members .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
the alv x - 1 has 2 rocket stages and a total of 2 . 524 metres .
atlanta falcons are based in the city of atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is published in mathematics .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient of siomay which can be found in indonesia .
1097 vicia , which has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak are ethnic groups in malaysia .
polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al khor .
alfred garth jones was born 1872 in manchester , england , uk and died in london .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . anzaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar who ended his career on may 29 , 1999 .
the celestial body known as 1000 vk8 has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . its epoch is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
akeem adams played for ferencvarosi tc which is managed by thomas doll . akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is the palo seco velodrome , the chairman of which , is gabor kubatov .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , brooklyn .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is assembled in mexico city and has an amc v8 engine .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st louis .
the distributing company is sony music entertainment .
james craig watson , a canadian national who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin on september 7th 1868 .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
103 hera , which has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 r / 36 l .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15th april 1986 .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
the american journal of mathematics academic discipline is math .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , raisins and raisins .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , was built by meyer werft who are located in rostock .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 cm tall . he played for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
the quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi who make the audi a1 .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 and its final flight was on 28 , 2014 .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres . the epoch date of 107 camilla is 31 december 2006 .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , which is led by francis g slay and died in st louis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
the de soto custom and chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . anzaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the united states republican party .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 r / 36 l .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1 , 1969 . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on apollo 8 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and starred scott adsit disney studios motion pictures .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is the mexican peso .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat where andiben patel is a leader .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for sv germania schoneiche and now plays for sv germania schoneiche .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas .
aaron bertram is an artist for the suburban legends band which originated from ska music . ska punk has its stylistic origins in ska .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron and is a division of audi e - tron .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and jazz originated .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader of sri lanka .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house in london and broadcasting house in london .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert , which should be served as a dessert .
adam holloway was born in faversham and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
audi was founded by august horch .
agnes kant was born in west germany and resides in doesburg . his alma mater was radboud university nijmegen and he worked as a member of the house of representatives .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 km / h and is 252000 . 0 millimetres long .
akron summit assault &apos; s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and the fc kuban krasnodar club .
baked alaska is from france , where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders and french are leaders .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics which was first published by johns hopkins university press .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
airey neave was a member of the military cross .
james craig watson &apos; s alma mater is the university of michigan .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
anaheim is in orange county , california , united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , the country of which , is led by horacio rodríguez larreta . spanish is spoken in argentina .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and it is 3990 . 0 long .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of hiv .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
the aston martin virage , manufactured by aston martin , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
anders osborne is a blues artist who began performing in 1989 and is associated with billy iuso and billy iuso .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . its runway length is 896 .
alan frew is a performer of rock music , a musical fusion of which is bhangra music .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dessert from the region of visayas , philippines . it includes sago and sweet potatoes .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of montevideo is the politician daniel martínez .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar was the chief of the defence staff in daggash and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . s . nola 1925 . he once played for u . s . nola 1925 .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label b - unique records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock which is located in london .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is &quot; nurturing excellence &quot; .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and cake are types of dessert .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
adam holloway was in the grenadier guards in the military and fought in the gulf war where george h w bush was a commander .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 sq km .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has 3 floors .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people &apos; s party .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
alfred n . phillips was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . it includes ketchup as one of its ingredients and a club sandwich .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
arlington is part of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 , 714 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm and fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . fc amkar perm is the chairman of fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . the inhabitants of the united states are called americans and african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen and has a magistrate government .
1097 vicia , which has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan , where the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located .
the alv x - 1 has 2 rocket stages and a total of 2 . 524 metres .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages . it was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is gordon marsden . a . f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is gordon marsden .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
a . s . gubbio 1910 &apos; s ground is in gubbio .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 and died in london .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers &apos; party .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the inuktitut language is spoken .
alan frew performs rock music .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 and lives in kuching . he represented asajaya and belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is a leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
abdulsalami abubakar served in the nigerian army and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs which was succeeded by the aston martin virage . the aston martin virage is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and english is spoken there .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the inhabitants are known as americans .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is based in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked alaska which comes from hong kong , france , united states .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are related means of transport .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which has its stylistic origins in country . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
cornell university ( affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities ) is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english is spoken and tony tan is a leader . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java and the javanese people are an ethnic group .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
the alhambra , which was launched on 31st may 1855 , is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and his club is psv eindhoven .
antioch , california is 324 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa &apos; s apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c . blackpool &apos; s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a ribicoff was born . he died in new york and was married to casey ribicoff .
edwin e . aldrin jr . was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal of commerce gold medal which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
albany , georgia has area codes 229 .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country &apos; s anthem is desteapta - te , române !
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the paisa region .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the leaders of catalonia are the parliament of catalonia and spaniards .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 33968 kelvins .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , ky and was raised in dothan , al .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which starred ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which has 23 floors .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
antioch , california has area code 925 .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which starred ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at the marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design layout .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died on july 1941 in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician signed with floating world records and floating world records .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
american motors is the manufacturer of the amc matador which was succeeded by eagle . roy d chapin jr . is a subsidiary of american motors , where wheel horse is a key person .
angola , indiana is located at 324 above sea level .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and the capital is rome and the official language is italian .
alex tyus was born in st louis , greater st louis , which is led by francis g slay .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , which was part of the american civil war conflict . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of siomay . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , which is part of the community of madrid where the leader party is ahora madrid .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania &apos; s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country &apos; s anthem is desteapta - te , române !
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
english is spoken in canada .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a coupe with a straight - four engine .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
aenir is written in english .
al anderson was born in windsor , connecticut and began his musical career in 1966 . he plays with the band nrbq and once played with the wildweeds .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas and english is spoken there .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in sweden .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 and is associated with kornelije kovač .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related means of transport .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives which is located in the united states .
the alv x - 1 was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii .
construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are led by ram naik and uses the hal light combat helicopter .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometre .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms . its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
peter stoger has been manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for sk vorwacker modling and fk austria wien club .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the greek new democracy party , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and the fc kuban krasnodar club .
virginia de marce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is available in print form and has 448 pages .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol who are managed by giuseppe iachini . he also played for central espanol who play in the uruguayan seppe iachini .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he represented asajaya and belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma and is in the italian national under 16 &apos; s football team coached by rahele zoratto .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and house music .
alfredo zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and his musical genre is taquirari .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of hiv .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . and now plays for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
polydor records is located in london .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where the language spoken is austrian german .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
christian heinrich was the discoverer of 109 felicitas .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is found in the battle of baku .
patrick mc loughlin is a leader in derbyshire dales which is led by patrick mc loughlin . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart which originates from the derbyshire dales region .
alvah sabin began his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is operated by enaire which is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and used to play for tennessee titans .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
1000 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per sec .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , soy sauce , soy sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred ryan potter and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post metal which uses the cello . he played with the band twilight and performed with the house of low culture .
george winkler was the architect of the 320 south boston building which is located in the united states and has 22 floors .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin and english is spoken .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kuet tze , whose deputy is stephen yong kuet tze .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made from asphalt .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and the runway length is 1 , 533 .
cake is a dessert , as is bionico .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . its runway length is 896 .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alternative rock musician andrew white is a member of the band marry banilow and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
karl &apos; s nationality is american .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol in the uruguayan segunda división . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of penarol who play in the uruguayan segunda división league .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language spoken in great britain is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia where sergey sobyanin is a leader .
denmark demonym is danes .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , new york city , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
pacific grove is part of california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues musician ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states .
abradab was born in poland .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , was built by meyer werft who are located in rostock .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
1097 vicia , which has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
agustin barboza &apos; s genre is guarania .
ducati is a subsidiary of audi which was founded by august horch . ducati is a subsidiary of audi and lamborghini is a subsidiary of audi .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he played for fc rubin kazan and plays for fc spartak moscow .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
al anderson is a member of the rock band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in blues . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
the atlas ii was 3 . 04m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was founded in washington , d . c .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladinell putin .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in apollo 8 .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of siomay . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states . he served in the united states army and fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group . the atlas ii originates from the u . s .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
abner is a footballer for the club real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in the korean war .
elliot see died in st . louis .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken . the us is also spoken in great britain .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in that state .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
aaron turner is an artist for the band twilight and performs ambient music . ambient music is ambient .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the leaders of catalonia are the parliament of catalonia and spaniards .
juan carlos i of spain &apos; s predecessor was francisco franco .
john cowper powys is a notable work of a glastonbury romance .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a ribicoff was born . he is from new britain , connecticut and was married to casey ribicoff .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway length is 3800 .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of france .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson is a leader of london .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc anzhi makhachkala and his youth team is the otkrytiye arena .
bombing of libya was a battle of libya .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast and is headquartered in brussels .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
abdulsalami abubakar was the chief of the defence staff in daggash and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is milonga .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 1865 - 8784 - 8784 and the lccn number is 32024459 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made from asphalt .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and the runway length is 1533 . 0 .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of ontoi . it has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis miliontoi .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and is 178 cm tall . he played for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was awarded the cross of france , and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 km . it has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 km .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
rhythm and blues musician ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , the capital of which , is washington , d . c .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . it comes from the philippines .
allan shivers started his career on january 21st 1947 .
alison o &apos; donnell plays jazz music and her voice is bodhran , percussion .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
afc blackpool ( full name : association football club blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he played for the club anyang halla .
roy d chapin jr is a key person at american motors , which is the manufacturer of the amc matador .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in that state .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen .
shumai is located in china .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , in the united states . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and african americans are an ethnic group there .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the capital of italy is rome and the language spoken is italian .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o &apos; donnell is a folk rock musician signed with floating world records .
aenir by garth nix , isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 , is a paperback and has 233 pages .
angola international airport , located in icolo e bengo , serves luanda and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 .
cornell university ( affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities ) is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
rahele zoratto is the coach of the italian national under 16 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is barack obama .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
acoustic musician alex day began performing in 2006 and is associated with the band chameleon circuit .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the delta ii was launched at the vandenberg air force base and is comparable to the delta ii .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is an alternative rock musician for the band kaiser chiefs .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and washington d . c . is the capital .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the largest city in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover company .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 and starred scott adsit disney studios motion pictures .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
oladipo diya was the predecessor of abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian air force , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar &apos; s predecessor was oladipo diya .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on january 22nd 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
afonso pena international airport &apos; s icao location identifier is sbct .
bacon explosion originates from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
adare manor , designed by philip mc manus , was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mc manus .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin , who is 185 . 42 cm tall , was born on january 21 , 1989 and played for the scotland national under 21 football team .
ducati is a subsidiary of audi which was founded by august horch . ducati is a subsidiary of audi and lamborghini is a subsidiary of audi .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey whose headquarters are in the four world trade center .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan , where the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is located .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
madrid is in spain .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
barny cakes can be found in france where manuel valls and bartolone are leaders .
agnes kant , a netherlands national , worked as the parliamentary group leader . the country is led by mark rutte .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and the oclc number is 51969173 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the fiat croma and the alfa romeo 164 are related means of transport .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in umbria .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the alternative name of black pirate is jon valor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
american , abraham a ribicoff , was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was the governor of connecticut .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . its epoch date was on 31 december 2006 and its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury , ireland . the palace of westminster is led by augustus pugin and the palace of westminster .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war , where leon trotsky was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 and is associated with kornelije kovač .
alan bean is from the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with magik and kaliber 44 .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader and the currency is the euro .
george winkler was the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii and joseph stalin was a commander in that war .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont , worked as the secretary of the state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
stephen yong kuet tze was the deputy of abdul taib mahmud , who was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kuet tze .
andrews county airport &apos; s runway length is 896 .
elliot see died in st louis , kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of mellow candle and flibbertigibbet .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 and represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albert b . white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in marietta , west virginia and was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and paris cohkin .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with marry banilow . he is an alternative rock musician for the band kaiser chiefs .
the musician andrew white &apos; s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , dothan , alabama . he was originally a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
angola international airport , located in icolo e bengo , serves luanda and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
the academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv / aids and it has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia de marce and eric flint . it was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was written in english .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
barny cakes contain 30 . 0 g of serving in the size of 30 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of flowering plants and commelinids .
the a - rosa luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 . it has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 r / 36 l .
aenir by garth nix , isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 , is a paperback and has 233 pages .
john cowper powys is a notable work of a glastonbury romance .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen .
alison o &apos; donnell plays the voice of bodhran , percussion and autoharp . funk is a derivative of jazz which originated from the blues and afrobeat is a derivative of jazz music .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and is 507 metres above sea level . its runway length is 2003 .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , which has mahe to its northwest . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
the chairman of ferencvárosi tc is gáando kubatov .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car assembled in marysville , ohio with a honda k engine and front - wheel drive .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
airey neave fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
buzz aldrin is from the united states and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is comparable to the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 in serbia and is a solo singer who performs pop music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
mendrisio is a neighboring municipality in meride , switzerland .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
the academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv / aids and it has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 and has a background as a solo singer .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin are main ingredients in a bacon sandwich .
elliot see died in st . louis .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and performs hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometre . the total area of atlantic city is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the inuktitut language is spoken .
barny cakes can be found in france where manuel valls and bartolone are leaders .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine . it is owned by p &amp; o and is located in london .
the antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
afc blackpool &apos; s full name is association football club blackpool .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county and the largest city is houston . spanish is spoken in texas .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president .
the acharya institute of technology was given the &apos; technical campus &apos; status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , located in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property . to the west of adams county is cumberland county and to the west of cumberland county , maryland is carroll county , maryland .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . malik muhammed rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
abilene regional airport , located 546 metres above sea level , serves abilene , texas and has the icao location identifier 17 l / 35 r and a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in england , uk and died in london .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which should be served as a dessert , as is cookie .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is located in blackpool .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is called the president . the english language is spoken in great britain and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , play in the epsth 2nd group . the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis mile dimitra efxeinoupolis .
taro and cookie are desserts . binignit is a type of dessert .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the maiden flight of the antares rocket was on july 13th 2014 and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
the blt is a variation of a club sandwich and bacon sandwich . lettuce is a variation of a club sandwich .
indonesian is the language of indonesia .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury , ireland . the palace of westminster is led by augustus pugin and the palace of westminster .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
maple ridge township is part of alpena county , michigan , united states .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to the record label warner music group .
agnes kant is from the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and his club is psv eindhoven .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella are leaders .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
paulo sousa manages the acf fiorentina and played for juventus f . c .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly , california .
barny cakes can be found in france where manuel valls and bartolone are leaders .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin rham / 1 are related means of transport .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was chosen by nasa in 1962 . he died in st louis .
afonso pena international airport &apos; s icao location identifier is sbct .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on their aircraft carriers .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasilia .
cornell university ( affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities ) is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where dutch is spoken . antwerp is a leader in belgium .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of math . the lccn number is 83646315 and the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
aaron turner is a singer who performs electroacoustic music and played for the band isis .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza f . c .
john wiley &amp; sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay f . c . and manages a . f . c . fylde .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is made of bronze and located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
andra is a singer who is associated with the musical artist puya and the band crbl .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in apollo 8 .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , maryland and its nearest city is frederick .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
albert b . white , who was married to agnes ward white , started his career on march 4th 1901 and finished it on march 4th 1905 .
folk musician alison o &apos; donnell was a member of mellow candle and flibbertigibbet .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasilia .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy .
109 felicitas , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat where andiben patel is a leader .
1928 pc was the former name of 1097 vicia which has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
anders osborne &apos; s genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is shanachie records .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to the record label warner music group .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) &apos; s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and owned by afc ajax n . v .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 and was awarded 20 awards . he is now retired .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league in the football league .
alan martin , who is 185 . 42 cm tall , was born on january 21 , 1989 and played for the scotland national under 21 football team .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
akeem priestley &apos; s club is ro ps and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont , worked as the secretary of the state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in the dish is lemon which is part of the order of rosids and the rutaceae family .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 and represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is a mid - size car assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and has an amc straight - 6 engine .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he fought in the gulf war and began his career on 5th may 2005 .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is thomas pallesen .
michele marcolini played for vicenza calcio and now plays for both vicenza calcio and vicenza calcio . the manager of a . c . lumezzane is pietro grasso .
the alv x - 1 has 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for hull city a . f . c . città di palermo .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
albert b . white is a member of the united states republican party .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee . his former team was the new england patriots .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya &apos; kuet tze , whose deputy is stephen yong kuet tze .
english is spoken in canada .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d roosevelt was a commander .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county to its southeast .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and played for f . c . bari 1908 .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and francois hollande and francois hollande are leaders .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with marius moga and marius moga .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
the antares rocket , manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office , originates from the united states .
the acharya institute of technology in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense &apos; s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas , brazil .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and played for f . c . bari 1908 .
alison o &apos; donnell is a jazz musician signed with stanyan records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . anzaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sandwich , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece &apos; n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and english is spoken there .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
aida cruises is the operator of the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
denmark demonym is danes .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 nakadori and it has 3 floors .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is located in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
alderney airport serves alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . its 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway length is 3800 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
polydor records is located in london .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is based in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
sandesh and binignit are desserts . the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potatoes .
michigan is located in the united states .
aleksandra kovač &apos; s musical genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died on 3rd july 1941 .
arem arem originates from indonesia and is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . and now plays for hull city a . f . c . which is managed by steve bruce .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county to its southeast .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas in the united states . fort worth is the largest city in texas and the capital is austin .
alison o &apos; donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
al anderson was born in windsor , connecticut and began his musical career in 1966 . he plays with the band nrbq and once played with the wildweeds .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property and is located in pennsylvania , united states .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which has its stylistic origins in country . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the chinese people .
slavey is one of the languages spoken in canada .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawak . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1 , 1969 . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , studied at the technical institute , kaduna and worked as the chief of the defence staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen and has a magistrate government .
tomato belongs to the order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a test pilot .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was a rear admiral in the argentine navy . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an epoch date of june 27th 2015 .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
italian born alessio romagnoli played for the club u . c . sampdoria and is connected to uc sampdoria .
fruit preserves are an ingredient of bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature novel with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john madin , was born in birmingham , which has the postcode b and is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
angola , indiana is located at 324 above sea level .
the antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 which is operated by nasa and died in california where dianne feontoin is the senator .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 and died in london .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and it has a length of 2776 . 0 .
walter baade was born in the german empire and died in gottingen . he studied at the university of gottingen and discovered 1036 ganymed .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken . the book was written in english which is also spoken in great britain .
george winkler was the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states .
andra is a singer who is associated with the musical artist puya and the band crbl .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the runway name is 1 / 19 and it is 210 metres above sea level .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland . the people of finland are known as finns and juha sipila is a leader of finland .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and plays rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson is a leader of london .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
american , abraham a ribicoff , was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was the governor of connecticut .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his musical genre is candombe .
aaron hunt played for sv werder bremen .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist numa moraes .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and the italian language is spoken . the capital of italy is rome .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
1000 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per sec .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
amsterdam &apos; s leader is eberhard van der laan .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for atlanta is 404 and it covers 344 . 9 sq km .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit can be found .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where the language spoken is austrian german .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of montevideo is the politician daniel martínez .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is located 911 metres above sea level and is operated by infraero . the airport has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the runway name is 1 / 19 and it is 210 metres above sea level .
alvah sabin represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 3rd march 1857 . he represented vermont &apos; s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark &apos; s leader is thomas pallesen .
agustin barboza &apos; s genre is guarania .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy .
turkey &apos; s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the largest city is istanbul . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey &apos; s capital is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio .
binignit is a dessert from the mindanao region of the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is banana .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs which has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero , who was born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of king juan carlos i of spain whose predecessor was francisco franco . juan carlos i of spain &apos; s predecessor was francisco franco .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where americans live and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is led by the president of the united states .
arianespace is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which was launched at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with marius moga and marius moga .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and john digweed .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones ended his career in 1950 . disco derives from rhythm and blues .
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa and the building was completed in 1964 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , brooklyn .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
beef kway teow comes from singapore and is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients of beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce , soya sauce and sesame oil are the main ingredients .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which is categorised as a contributing property . carroll county , maryland is southeast of cumberland county , maryland .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener &apos; s bones and was written by brandon sanderson .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is milonga .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed adare manor . the architect is augustus pugin .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , in the united states . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and african americans are an ethnic group there .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g prabhukumar .
anders osborne is a blues artist who began performing in 1989 and is associated with billy iuso and billy iuso .
acoustic musician alex day began performing in 2006 and is associated with the band chameleon circuit .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it can be found in the philippines .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the star - spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 16 , 000 students . denmark &apos; s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece . they played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is located in schenectady , new york , united states .
a . c . chievo verona , italy , has 39371 members .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was chosen by nasa in 1962 . he died in st louis .
bionico is a dessert that can be varied by using cottage cheese . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and spanish is spoken there .
the county limerick is part of munster .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay f . c . and manages a . f . c . fylde .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was in office while isaac rojas was president .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness in the american civil war which had jefferson davis as one of its commanders .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california , united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london , which is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
107 camilla was discovered by c woods and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . its epoch date was on 31 december 2006 and its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar who served in the nigerian army and was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza f . c .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , munster , county limerick and county limerick .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , which has mahe to its northwest . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the president of the united states .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed .
ernie colon and paris cohn created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
albert b . white is a member of the united states republican party .
barny cakes contain 30 . 0 g of serving in the size of 30 .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team . he now plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and washington d . c . is the capital .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid .
president ahmet davutoglu is the capital of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and an epoch date of july 14th 2004 .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , which has mahe to its northwest . kerala &apos; s leader is kochi .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
president ahmet davutoglu is the capital of turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in indonesia .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he played for the club anyang halla .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs &apos; memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , and is located in indiana , united states .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat where andiben patel is a leader .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where the language spoken is austrian german .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in malaysia .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company located in coventry .
the novel castle is written in english .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , hearst castle and the asilomar conference grounds .
ace wilder was born in sweden and his musical genre is hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
indian people live in india .
