akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he used to play for the houston texans who are based in texas .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where washington dc is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of pop music and is associated with bebi dol .
arlington , texas has a population density of americans per square kilometre .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where the official language is philippine english and chinese filipino are ethnic groups .
azal arena is located in baku .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and is comparable with the delta ii .
silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the isbn number 0 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
jens härtel has been the manager of fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg leipzig and fc magdeburg .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a traditional dish .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a subsidiary of audi e - tron .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . the airport is operated by ram naik and the indian air force .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the monocacy national battlefield .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is the leader and died in graz .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and new york city is the largest city .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background as a solo singer .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and has a diameter of 3 . 04 m . it was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 in 1981 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of state .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway name of 14 l / 32 r and a length of 14 l .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader .
soho press is located in the united states .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and sheikh russel kc .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york .
michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
austin , texas is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the autoharp . jazz music originated from folk music and funk is a fusion of jazz .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and was produced between may 1950 . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
albert b . white started his career on march 4 , 1901 and ended on march 4th 1905 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
abner w . sibal , who was born in ridgewood , queens , was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in gubbio 1910 .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc whose ground is in new douglas park .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
jerry ordway is the creator of the comic character ordway .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and billy iuso .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in baku , azerbaijan and the ground of azal pfk .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
english is the language of the united states where akron , ohio is located .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in illinois . the power type of the aid aluna is the caterpillar inc . engine .
300 north la salle has 60 floors .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 4th runway is made from asphalt .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group .
don fisher is the general manager of boston bruins .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from the cape canaveral air force station space launch complex 36 .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay fc .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 millimetres .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
the alternative name for the black pirate is the black pirate .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais and his club is olympique lyonnais , the parc olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is michel aulas . aleksandre guruli plays for the parc olympique lyonnais club is olympique lyonnais .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
jerry ordway is the creator of the comic character ordway .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where standard chinese is spoken and standard chinese is a leader .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
meringue , ice cream , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , united states and china .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
black metal musician aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a fusion of black metal .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated with the european university association and has 16000 students .
aenir was written by garth nix and was written in english .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs ambient music .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length is 2900 . 0 .
abradab was born in 1978 - 12 - 12 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway served in the gulf war , where george h . w . w . holloway was a commander in the gulf war .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . ahmet ertegun performs rock and roll music which originated from blues .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , plays for the italy national under 17 football team and is connected to uc sampdoria .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 2015 - 06 - 27 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where the battle of france was a commander .
caterpillar inc . was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . it is owned by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . engine and is located in peoria , illinois .
black metal musician aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and manages a . roma .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for real madrid and real madrid castilla .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany , where the capital city is berlin and the leader is the location of berlin .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz , austria - hungary .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold .
the english language is spoken in canada .
the asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the airport has a runway length of 4 / 22 and a length of 4 . 0 .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands , where agnes kant is a national .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz , austria - hungary .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 . 0 .
akeem adams was born in fortin .
caterpillar inc . was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . it is owned by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . engine and is located in peoria , illinois .
bananaman starred graeme garden and starred in bananaman .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architect 3 xn and has 23 floors .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , plays for shabab al - 20 football for the iraq national under 20 football team .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader is the people ' s party .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and fc dinamo batumi .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 44 square kilometres .
aaron deer is signed to the record label rock stars league .
ben urich , whose full name is ben urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
the celestial body known as 11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 kelvins .
austin is part of williamson county in texas where houston is the largest city . austin is the county seat of williamson county .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , butter and eggs .
alexandria , indiana has a population density of 265 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 265 . 6 inhabitants per sq km .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where washington dc is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
new netherland is part of new netherland .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier is viag .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to the record label floating world records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county is to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
10 hygiea , formerly known as 10 hygiea , has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool which is managed by stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county fc .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania and is a solo singer .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 09 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and his record label is ace wilder .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 18 l .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian air force , was vice president of the nigerian air force .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 523329000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
agnes ward white was married to agnes ward white .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is san marcos . san marcos is the county seat of hays county and spanish is spoken in texas .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from the netherlands .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol , in austria and died in graz .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 , died in madison , wisconsin .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 93645978 .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s alma mater was the technical institute , kaduna .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire is a member of the labour party in argentina and was married to eva peron .
the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems which is located in new york city . the leader of acm transactions on information systems is alexander l .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
shumai is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
synthpop originated from pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
ferencvarosi tc is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , owned by charles hardwick , is located in adare manor .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the largest city is newark . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adams county , pennsylvania is to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and has a diameter of 3 . 04 m . it was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
a . f . c . fylde ' s full name is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 in serbia .
agnes ward white was married to agnes ward white .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is the people ' s party .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , russia , where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and the english language is spoken .
silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 2060 - 0 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes , spain and is operated by enaire .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , was added to the national register of historic places on asser levy public baths , was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the country ' s leader is the location of neptun werft .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
aleksandra kovač ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
allen forrest was born on march 3 , 1981 .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as the deputy for the deputy of popular orthodox rally .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the united states air force fought in 1986 .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . it has a population density of 368 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 368 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan and the javanese people are an ethnic group .
abel caballero , born in ponteareas , spain , worked as a member of the congress of congress of congress .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs ambient music .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country led by narendra modi and narendra modi .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield fc and is the manager of afc blackpool .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by the samuda brothers . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is part of the rosaceae family and is part of the rosaceae family .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it was succeeded by the alvis car and engineering company of the alvis car .
canada is led by elizabeth ii and asian canadians are one of the ethnic groups in canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
the port authority of new jersey is served by the port authority of new jersey .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jwaydan moyine , jwaydan moyine , jano , jano , jano , jano , jano , jano , jano , jano , lira yin , lira yin , lira yin , lira yin , lira yin .
batagor is a variation of the indonesian dish which is led by joko widodo . batagor is a variation of the same dish that contains peanut sauce .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , where english is the leader .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band and once played with the wildweeds .
black metal musician aaron turner played with the band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a fusion of black metal .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by roy d . chapin jr .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
batchoy comes from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling and starred jill shilling .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 rq .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under 19 football team .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella and sergio mattarella are leaders .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
adare manor is located in county limerick , county limerick and county limerick .
albany is part of oregon in the united states .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain and is operated by enaire .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s birth place of abdulsalami abubakar .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the demonym is tejano .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
luciano spalletti plays for virtus calcio .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 which is located at the guiana space centre .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku . the country is led by artur rasizade and its capital city is baku .
andrew white is a musician signed to the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label marry banilow .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in kaduna , studied at the defence staff , studied at the defence staff in nigeria .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is " o canada " .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . in 1955 with a b .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner ' s genre is ambient metal .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of france .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s youth football club is fc spartak moscow and he played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
fallujah is in iraq .
aaron turner is a singer in the band isis and performs ambient music . he is a member of the band isis .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . its icao location identifier is viag . the airport is viag and the icao location identifier is viag . 0 metres above sea level .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
the atlas ii is from the united states and launched from cape canaveral air force base .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
arlington , texas is located at 1099 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 258 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
arem arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . a . a . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
the acharya institute of technology was given the all india council for technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is led by artur rasizade .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
adam holloway lives in romance .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is a main ingredient in bacon explosion .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital city is austin .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was daniel gould fowle .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
binignit is a dessert from the visayas region of the philippines . it includes sago and sweet potato .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and serves the city of lake placid .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre which is located in kourou , french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . s . d . cesena .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which starred in bananaman .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
albennie jones is a rhythm and blues performer of which disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
abner was born in brazil .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is called john roberts . john roberts is the leader of the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where standard chinese is spoken and standard chinese is a leader .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
aaron turner is a singer who performs ambient music .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 2060 - 0 .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian national who died in madison , wisconsin .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a subsidiary of audi e - tron .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is the new mexico house of representatives .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . alaa abdul - zawra ' s ground is al kharaitiyat sc who play in al khor .
american motors matador is also known as american motors .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the birmingham city council . the city council has the b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he plays black metal music for old man gloom and old man gloom .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . , the manager of acf fiorentina .
alex plante , who was born in 1989 , in canada , played for anyang halla , played for the club anyang halla .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
meringue , ice cream , ice cream , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , united states .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline addiction .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics electric boat .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
associazione calcio lumezzane ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman created the comic character auron .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
connecticut born albert e . phillips was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips , who was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
buffalo is part of buffalo , new york .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku . the country is led by artur rasizade and its capital city is baku .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 448 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 0 - 0 .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , butter and eggs .
albennie jones is associated with the record label t . jones .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 1989 .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany , where the capital city is berlin and the leader is the location of berlin .
103 hera has a mass of 9 . 9 kgs .
alberto teisaire , a provisional president of the argentine senate , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
aenir was written by garth nix and was written in english .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records and london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 and frank borman served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
b . c . , whose coach is b . c .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . irwin .
amsterdam - khor is part of amsterdam where the leader is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and they speak spanish .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 54 km per second .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 4th runway is made from asphalt .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and serves the city of lake placid .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was daniel gould fowle .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
andra is a singer who is a singer associated with the singer andra , who performs dance - pop music .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in dothan , alabama .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport serves the city of alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1 / 25 .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and has a diameter of 3 . 04 m . it was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgabat .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6 , 2005 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is led by gale brewer .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . d . cesena .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien connecticut .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
the leader of pakistan is sardar sadiq .
atlanta falcons play in atlanta .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell , performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california where english is spoken . antioch is led by the san francisco bay area and is led by the california state assembly .
peter laird is a united states national .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where the leader is called the president . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
a loyal character dancer is published in english which is in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york , united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city international airport .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the japanese occupation of sarawak , lives in sarawak , was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died from peritonitis .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 , began his career on march 4th 1974 .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the currency is the turkish lira and the turkish lira is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 has a 6 - speed 25 .
english is the language spoken in the united states .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , butter and eggs .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc whose ground is in new douglas park .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
abel hernandez , who played for central español , is a member of the central espanol youth club which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva . he also plays for the central espanol youth club which is in the uruguayan segunda división league .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands , where agnes kant is a national .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the abbreviated to aip adv .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
bhajji come from india where the indian people are called indian people .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and the italian language is spoken . s . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy ' s .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in the capital of illinois .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
abradab plays for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) is attached to the manager of ac chievo verona and manages ac chievo verona and plays for carrarese calcio .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama was formerly known as " 1930 st ; 1927 wb ; " and has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman created the comic character auron .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in the battle of france .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where malays are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the capital and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway name is " 05 / 24 " .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for maccabi tel aviv b . c . , whose coach is b . c .
abner was born in brazil .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with ciro moraes .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls are leaders . baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is san marcos . san marcos is the county seat of hays county and spanish is spoken in texas .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
bakso is a traditional dish from indonesia and is popular in the indonesian region . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef vermicelli , noodle , noodle , noodle , kailan , kailan , kailan , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and designed by the company populous .
agr is the icao location identifier for agra airport which is located in india . the airport ' s icao location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
the alv x - 1 is 1 . 524 metres in diameter .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon butty , rasher sandwich , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
agr is the icao location identifier for agra airport which is located in india . the airport ' s icao location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
english is the language of the united states where akron , ohio is located .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a backup pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on march 4th 1974 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by the airbus defence and launched at ela - 3 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
andrew white is a musician signed to the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label marry banilow .
pop musician aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . disco is a fusion of pop music .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for blackpool .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
john f . c . was the predecessor of john f . c .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla and has played for anyang halla .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in the united states .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes , spain and is operated by enaire .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
akeem dent was born on the 27th september 1987 in atlanta , georgia and his debut team was the houston texans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , the fiat croma and the fiat croma are related means of transportation .
the asilomar conference grounds has the architectural style of american craftsman and crafts movement .
aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 .
antioch , california is located at 75 . 324 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75 .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club which is managed by thomas doll . thomas doll is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc and his club is palo seco velodrome .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . cesena and manages a . s . d . cesena .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . house of connecticut ' s mayor of connecticut and fought in the us army .
the amc matador is a mid - size car with a straight - size car with a straight - 6 engine and is assembled in marysville , wisconsin .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and is comparable with the delta ii .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 18 l .
the acura tlx is assembled at the marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design layout .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the battle of baku is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku , the battle of baku .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot who was a crew member of apollo 12 along with alfred worden as a backup pilot and alfred worden as a backup pilot .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 139705000 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
april o ' s creator is the character , april o ' donnell .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is san marcos . austin is the county seat of hays county and english is spoken in texas .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from the netherlands .
azerbaijan ' s leader is called the prime minister of azerbaijan .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 rq , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 183309000 . 0 .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , beef broth , beef broth , kailan , and fried shallots .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 can be found in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of grenada .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran , autoharp and plays the autoharp .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and her musical genre is the bodhran , autoharp .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in indonesia .
the issn number for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 with an m . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
a long long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 4 .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s birth place of abdulsalami abubakar .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as a member of the parliament of parliament .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin dbs . the aston martin dbs are a related means of transport . 3 litres .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
dunwoody is the largest city in de kalb county , georgia .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , where the capital city is baku . the native name of baku is turk sehitleri aniti .
batagor is a food found in china .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the akita prefecture .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders .
the people of germany are known as germans .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . , the manager of acf fiorentina .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is ranil sc .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states , where don guardian is a leader .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain and is operated by enaire .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a traditional dish .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
afc ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office in the united states .
anders osborne is signed to shanachie records and chicago based alligator records .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - four engine .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and manages a . roma .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico city and is a station wagon with an amc v8 engine and is a station wagon style body style body .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas .
shumai is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz , austria - hungary .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway , born in faversham , is a member of the conservative party in the uk and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
abel hernandez , who played for central español , is a member of youth club u . s . città di palermo , managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
allan shivers , born in lufkin , texas , was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
california ' s leader is california .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international hotel .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed gearbox all - syncromesh , centre change lever , separate 4 - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , centre change bevel fully floating back axle .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a v12 engine . 8 millimetres long .
the people of germany are known as germans .
aaron turner is a singer in the band isis and performs ambient music . he is a member of the band isis .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , played for the soviet union national football team , played for fc torpedo moscow and is managed by valery petrakov .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
adams county , pennsylvania is to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 1989 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . its former name is 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
the runway length of appleton international airport is the runway length of appleton international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 18 l / 36 r .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
a loyal character dancer is published in english which is in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 33968 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
akeem dent was born on the 27th september 1987 in atlanta , georgia and his debut team was the houston texans .
adare manor is located in county limerick , county limerick .
the language spoken in finland is english .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology was given the all india council for technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
christian burns plays the guitar .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and is located in illinois .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for blackpool .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
adare manor is located in county limerick , county limerick .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is houston . austin is the county seat of hays county .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway length is made of poaceae and its 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adam koc died in new york city which was part of the polish – soviet war . joseph stalin was a commander in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and jong ajax .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 09 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abel hernandez , who played for central espanol , is a member of the uruguay national football team and is in the uruguayan segunda división league . he also plays for the uruguay national football team , u . s . città di palermo .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres , an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia and malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of the atlantic city international airport which is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
michele marcolini has been the manager of a . c . lumezzane , who plays for vicenza calcio and is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
ace wilder , a solo singer , was born in 1982 in sweden .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 139705000 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas in the united states . austin is the largest city in texas and the capital is fort worth .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
walter baade , who studied at the university of gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow are kway teow , dark beans , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids journal is published by wolters kluwer .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the currency is the turkish lira and the turkish lira is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
alvah sabin was born in vermont and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born in 1978 - 12 - 12 .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland , was married to albert b . white , was married to albert b . white , who worked as the governor of cleveland on march 4th 1905 .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and the governing body is cleveland city council .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where houston is the largest city .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 44 square kilometres .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where the battle of france was a commander .
adisham hall is in haputale .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a population density of 347 . 1 inhabitants per sq km . it has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per sq km . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
agr is the icao location identifier for agra airport which is located in india . the airport ' s icao location identifier is agr and its icao location identifier is viag .
american buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
batagor is a variation of the indonesian dish that contains peanut sauce . the leader of indonesia is joko widodo and shumai .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens f . c . and is the home ground of aek athens fc whose manager is gus poyet .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which is located at east wall quay .
alex day performs synthpop music .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is the stadio park .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to shanachie records .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a894 vd " .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
new netherland is part of new netherland .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia and malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band galactic and voice of the wetlands all - stars billy iuso .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips worked at the united states house of representatives .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . it has a population density of 368 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 368 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
fc karpaty lviv ' s manager is fc karpaty lviv .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where malays are an ethnic group .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 . he is signed to the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label marry banilow .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
dutch language is spoken in belgium .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , indonesia and indonesia . the dish can be found nationwide in singapore and indonesia .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , the saab 9000 and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia , where the leader is , aleksandr chumakov died in russia .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 1989 .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , indonesia and indonesia . its main ingredients are sesame oil and sesame oil .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages ac chievo verona .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
dutch language is spoken in belgium .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he is a member of the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the mason school of business is the tenant of the alan b miller hall in virginia , united states and is owned by robert a m stern .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was a member of the united states democratic party and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader and joe biden is a leader . english is spoken in the united states .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
abradab , who was born in 1986 , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . ahmet ertegun performs rock and roll music which originated from blues .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the capital and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
austin is part of texas .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri and plays for sv werder bremen ii .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york , united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where juha sipila is a leader and the people are known as finns .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien connecticut .
pop musician aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . disco is a fusion of pop music .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is located in the united states .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the capital and pietro grasso is a leader .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
american buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the oclc number 78771100 .
andra is a solo singer who was born in câmpia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . the chairman is antonis e dimitra efxeinoupolis club .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
connecticut born albert e . phillips was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips , who was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and is married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the guitar .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where washington dc is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region where the faroese language is spoken and margrethe ii is the leader .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the largest city is newark . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the comic character asterix was created by albert goscinny and the french national , albert goscinny .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george johnson who are located in the united states .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and manages a . roma .
103 hera has a mass of 9 . 9 kgs .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
a long long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres , an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc and currently plays for hull city afc .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season 2014 season .
patrick mc loughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales , where bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart ( a variation of bakewell pudding ) .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems which is located in new york city . the leader of acm transactions on information systems is alexander l .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and spent 100305 minutes in 1963 .
airey neave was a lieutenant governor of the military .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena county and is 210 metres above sea level .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 34 . 3 square metres .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name at adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
bananaman is a key person at broadcasting house and broadcast by the bbc which is located in london . the bbc is a key person at broadcasting house .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling and starred jill shilling .
alberto teisaire , a provisional president of the argentine senate , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
abner w . sibal started his career on january 1st , 1974 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office during the nigerian army , was vice president mike akhigbe , was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian army .
ashgabat international airport ' s 1st runway length is 211 metres above sea level .
albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , was added to the national register of historic places on asser levy public baths , was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university press .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is the location of allama iqbal international airport .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan has an ethnic group of chinese people .
buzz aldrin , who was born on january 20 , 1930 , was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 and is now retired .
akeem ayers , who used to play for the tennessee titans , used to play for the tennessee titans .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . performing kilometres per second .
the audi a1 is a related means of transportation to the audi a1 .
azerbaijan ' s leader is called the prime minister of azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 5 . 57 days per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in the battle of france .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages ac chievo verona .
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 26131 - 8 and is available in print .
john van den brom is in the netherlands national football team and manages az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a backup pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the de soto custom and the chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . cesena .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 which is located at the guiana space centre .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed manual 4 - speed automatic transmission .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool which is managed by stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county fc .
abner plays for the brazil national under 20 football team and now plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label stanyan records and london based deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
michele marcolini ( born in italy ) is the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music and bass .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is in print .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 54 square kilometres .
the leader of germany is the leader of germany .
albert b white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is located in the united states .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 , lives in kuching , is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgabat .
the musical genre of rca records is rca records .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the oclc number 78771100 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is the new mexico house of representatives .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of architecture .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc and currently plays for hull city afc .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
meringue , ice cream , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , united states , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany is part of oregon in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , uk .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland , where juha sipila is a leader and the people are known as finns .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and fc dinamo batumi .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and allan sandage .
alex day performs synthpop music which originated from disco music .
county limerick is part of munster .
the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon butty , rasher sandwich , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
albany , oregon is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and started his career on july 21 , served in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and is a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is signed to the flibbertigibbet band and is signed to the flibbertigibbet band .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , whose alma mater was daniel gould fowle .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq and his genre is country music .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was a member of the united states democratic party and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , uk .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , new england and used to play for the new england patriots .
soho press is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the demonym is tejano .
addis ababa city hall began in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) and a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
akeem ayers , who used to play for the new england patriots .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich , which is a variation of blt .
abel hernandez , who played for central español , is a member of the central espanol youth club which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva . he also plays for the central espanol youth club which is in the uruguayan segunda división league .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
manchester is part of the greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is 1 , new jersey .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played for the band twilight and is a member of the house of low culture .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the riverside art museum .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 448 members .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
abner plays for the brazil national under 20 football team and now plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 125800 .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
1089 tama has a temperature of 373513000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , white rice , white rice , ground meat , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , avocado and lemon .
one of the main ingredients in binignit are banana and sweet potato .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and gerard larcher .
abel hernandez , who played for central español , is a member of youth club u . s . città di palermo , managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 season .
the comic character asterix was created by albert goscinny and the french national , albert goscinny .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the oclc number 0 .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes , spain .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where the leader is called the president . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
ab klink , born in the netherlands , attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of health , and sport in netherlands .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in connecticut and was a member of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is the new mexico house of representatives .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc tom tomsk and is a member of the russia national football team .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and designed by the company populous .
binignit is a dish from the region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
bakso is a traditional dish from indonesia and is popular in the indonesian region . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef vermicelli , noodle , noodle , noodle , kailan , kailan , kailan , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leader is vajubhai vala and the currency is the indian rupee .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the airport has a runway length of 4 / 22 and a length of 4 . 0 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales started his career on march 4 , 1953 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
the aston martin v8 was assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital is london . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is a member of the conservative party in blackpool which is managed by the conservative party ( uk ) .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to the record label floating world records .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and its runway length is 2014 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink , born in the netherlands , attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of health , and sport in netherlands .
320 south boston building was designed by george johnson , united states and has 22 floors .
ashgabat international airport ' s 1st runway length is 211 metres above sea level .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in milan and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and real zaragoza .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and its maiden flight was on april 21 , 2013 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
jerry ordway is the creator of the comic character ordway .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he is a member of the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
binignit is a dish from the region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s alma mater was the technical institute , kaduna .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6 , 2005 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where standard chinese is spoken and standard chinese is a leader .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is b . p . prabhukumar .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in singapore .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english is spoken in great britain .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season in greece .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica , turkey on july 27th , 1932 .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar who ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
albert b . white , born in bloomington , ohio , was married to agnes ward white , who died in charleston , west virginia and was succeeded by william m o dawson .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in sweden .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was in office during prime minister antonis samaras , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
allen forrest was born on march 3 , 1981 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian national who died in madison , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom is in the netherlands national football team and manages az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1st january 1989 and plays for hamilton academical fc .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the japanese occupation of sarawak , lives in sarawak , was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . its periapsis is 1513 . 722 days and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the isbn number 0 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 and an oclc number of 0 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . s . d . cesena .
the aids journal is from the united kingdom .
aaron deer is signed to the record label rock stars league .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 metres above sea level .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway length is made of poaceae and its 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian national who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of connecticut .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . cesena .
akron summit assault ' s full name is " akron summit assault " .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , played for the soviet union national football team , played for fc torpedo moscow and is managed by valery petrakov .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 33 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax n . v . v .
madrid is in spain .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran , autoharp and plays the autoharp .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 can be found in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of grenada .
b . c . , whose coach is b . c .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english is spoken in great britain .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the mexican spanish language is spoken .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the address of akita museum of art is " 3 - 4 - 4 " .
jefferson davis was a commander in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is 1 , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
andrew white is a musician associated with marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - located in london . nu metal is a music fusion of alternative rock and polydor records .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert .
the aids journal is from the united kingdom .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in the united states and completed in june 15 , 1932 .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
the epoch date for 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and the italian language is spoken . s . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy ' s .
1089 tama was formerly known as " 1930 st ; 1927 wb ; " and has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the autoharp . jazz music originated from folk music and funk is a fusion of jazz .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and its issn number is 1732 - 2421 .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university press .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as a member of the parliament of parliament .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner is a singer who performs ambient music .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the aids journal is from the united kingdom .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and club sandwich .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . the company of the aid aluna is owned by caterpillar inc . oberhelman .
the parent company of the aids co . , is the parent company addiction and aids .
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian burns .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps and he plays in the club ro ps .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , union in indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3990 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 6 . 6 kilograms per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and billy iuso .
county limerick is part of munster .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and new york city is the largest city .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical fc whose ground is in new douglas park .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport has the icao location identifier of 17 l / 35 r and is 546 metres above sea level .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of colombian cuisine .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band and once played with the wildweeds .
black metal musician aaron turner is a member of the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the aston martin v8 was assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital is london . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
ace wilder , a solo singer , was born in 1982 in sweden .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and published in print & paperback .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the conservative party is the leader .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the lccn number 60040714 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , the saab 9000 and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien connecticut .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil and their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre .
addis ababa city hall began in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) and a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
bhajji come from india where the indian people are called indian people .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex plante , who was born in 1989 , in canada , played for anyang halla , played for the club anyang halla .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre which is located in kourou , french guiana .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is houston . austin is the county seat of hays county .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
don fisher is the general manager of boston bruins .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications by sage publications and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
brown is a leader in buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is steel azin fc and his club is steel azin f . c .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax n . v . v .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta .
abner w . sibal , who was born in ridgewood , queens , was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
the epoch date for 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 . the aston martin rham / 1 , the aston martin rham / 1 , and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . its former name is 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related to the aston martin dbs . the aston martin v8 , and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city international airport .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season 2014 season .
jens härtel has been the manager of fc magdeburg and is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club sv babelsberg 03 and is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital city is bucharest .
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois and is the owner of the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where haider al - abadi is a leader and arabic is spoken .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and its leader is kochi .
adam maher is in the netherlands national under 17 football team and plays for az alkmaar .
adam holloway lives in romance .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere who are located in rostock and owned by aida cruises .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
adam holloway was born in kent .
canada is led by elizabeth ii and asian canadians are one of the ethnic groups in canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
alan bean was born in june 1981 and served as a crew member of apollo 12 operated by david scott . he was a backup pilot and alfred worden was a crew member of apollo 12 .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps and he plays in the club ro ps .
b . c . , whose coach is b . c .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the capital and pietro grasso is a leader .
awh engineering college is located in kerala where the leader is kochi .
gubbio is from the region of gubbio .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of france .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire was president .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , was succeeded by albert e . austin .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the location of the atatürk monument is located .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in italy and the lancia thema are related means of transport .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is operated by the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is a transport aircraft fighter in the united states air force who were involved in 1986 and the united states air force .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 44 square kilometres .
alvah sabin , who worked as the secretary of state of vermont , worked as the state of vermont - 10 - 23 .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips worked at the united states house of representatives .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . the dean of business and its dean is thomas pallesen .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and is governed by the all india council for technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
alvah sabin was born in vermont and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the b ' s postcode is the b ' b ' s postcode area .
alligator records is located in chicago .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and is governed by the all india council for technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office during the nigerian navy , was vice president mike akhigbe , was vice president while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian navy .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil and their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an escape velocity of 0 . 846 days per sec . its orbital period is 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
attica , indiana is located at an area of 783 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 4 . 14 inhabitants per square kilometre .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and gerard larcher .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , where the leader is cyrus vance jr .
ketchup are an ingredient in a variation of the bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the club sandwich , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
peter laird is a united states national who was the creator of april o ' s .
aaron turner is a singer who performs ambient music .
andrew white is a musician signed to the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label marry banilow .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for maccabi tel aviv b . c . , whose coach is b . c .
austin , texas is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andra is a solo singer who was born in câmpia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
auburn is part of the state of washington in the united states , where the capital is olympia .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson is a leader in london , the european parliament .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of colombian cuisine .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
michele marcolini ( born in italy ) is the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc tom tomsk and he plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , union in indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and allan sandage .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish that contains shiitake and is found in indonesia .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of flowering plants and belongs to the order poales .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a traditional dish .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and where african americans are an ethnic group .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
the leader of jalisco is the jalisco leader .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetres .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark where lars lokke rasmussen is a leader and one of the languages spoken .
eric flint wrote 1634 : the ram rebellion .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as the deputy for the deputy of popular orthodox rally .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara . the currency is the president of turkey ' s name is the turkish lira and the turkish lira .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is in al khor sports club .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
the atlas ii is from the united states and launched from cape canaveral air force base .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 , was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is comparable to the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre .
bananaman starred graeme garden and starred in bananaman .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical f . c . and also plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais and his club is olympique lyonnais , the parc olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is michel aulas . aleksandre guruli plays for the parc olympique lyonnais club is olympique lyonnais .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1st january 1989 and plays for hamilton academical fc .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
dutch language is spoken in belgium .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . , the manager of acf fiorentina .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena county and is 210 metres above sea level .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and its issn number is 1732 - 2421 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin which is led by francis g slay .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . its icao location identifier is viag . the airport is viag and the icao location identifier is viag . 0 metres above sea level .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , represented vermont , was a member of the whig party led by henry clay .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he is a defender in the serie a league .
arros negre is from catalonia .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office during the nigerian navy , was vice president mike akhigbe , was vice president while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian navy .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland , where juha sipila is a leader and the people are known as finns .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the labour party is the leader .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan , where the leader is the location of allama iqbal international airport .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and comes from the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
massimo drago plays for a . s . s . d . s .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 135589000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2016 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in london .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 17th , 1933 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
10 hygiea , formerly known as 10 hygiea , has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
arlington , texas is located at 1099 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 258 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and is a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is signed to the flibbertigibbet band and is signed to the flibbertigibbet band .
anders osborne is signed to shanachie records and chicago based alligator records .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and club sandwich .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii and now plays for vf l wolfsburg .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where the javanese people are an ethnic group . english is spoken in singapore .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season in greece .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
the alhambra has a alhambra .
buffalo is part of buffalo , new york .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan frew ' s musical genre is rock music which is part of the fusion genre bhangra .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for maccabi tel aviv b . c . , whose coach is b . c .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
akeem ayers , who used to play for los angeles rams , used to play for the los angeles rams .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the issn number for acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and carmine infantino .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
ashgabat international airport ' s 1st runway length is 211 metres above sea level .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport . the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - located in london . nu metal is a music fusion of alternative rock and polydor records .
ab klink was born in stellendam , in the netherlands .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
black metal musician aaron turner is a member of the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and matteo renzi are leaders .
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois and is the owner of the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the currency is the turkish lira and the turkish lira is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) .
attica , indiana is located at an area of 783 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 4 . 14 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of the atlantic city international airport which is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length is 2900 . 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 and frank borman served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub , abdul rahman ya ' kub .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where the javanese people are an ethnic group . english is spoken in singapore .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in dothan , alabama .
the novel castle is written in english .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport has the icao location identifier of 17 l / 35 r and is 546 metres above sea level .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , where olympiacos fc are previous champions .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba state of alba state .
akron summit county , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george johnson .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 448 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 0 - 0 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is led by rahm emanuel .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman are the full name of the comic character auron .
bandeja paisa is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms per second and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the lccn number 83646315 .
anaheim , california is part of the united states house of representatives , which is part of the united states house of the united states house of representatives .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the discipline of mathematics .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc tom tomsk and is a member of the russia national football team .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
1089 tama has a temperature of 373513000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
akeem ayers , who used to play for the new england patriots .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian dish from rome and contains tomatoes .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
bandeja paisa is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazettes .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the novel castle is written in english .
adolf schärf was born in aids .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . irwin .
jens härtel has been the manager of fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg leipzig and fc magdeburg .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , where the leader is cyrus vance jr .
the leader of atlanta is the state of atlanta .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is erasmus university university , university , gujarat university , university road , university .
the bacon sandwiches are also known as a bacon butty , bacon butty , bacon sandwich , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the leader is charles michel and one of the languages spoken is german .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was 1998 - 03 - 16 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont , worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the monocacy national battlefield .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is in the national register of historic places .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the youth club a . s . roma .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was a crew member of the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , was awarded the department of commerce gold medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of state .
the issn number for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the akita prefecture .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , indonesia and indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family .
acf fiorentina full name is " acf fiorentina s . p . p . p . a . a . a .
buzz aldrin , who was born in buzz aldrin , was a crew member of apollo 11 , was operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akron summit county , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , plays for shabab al - 20 football for the iraq national under 20 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was the vice president of new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics electric boat .
peter stoger is in the fk austria wien club and is the manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for fk austria wien club fc koln .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is mario botta .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for rovers f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc amkar perm and he played for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey sobyanin . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow who play in the otkrytiye arena .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 54 km per second .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , serves the city of amsterdam . 3528 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 3 / 27 / 27 .
adam maher is in the netherlands national under 17 football team and plays for az alkmaar .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and plastik mak .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the area code for albany , georgia is the area code for albany .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia , where abu zahar ujang is a leader and malaysian indian people are an ethnic group .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
bandeja paisa is a colombian cuisine .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , the fiat croma and the fiat croma are related means of transportation .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and was awarded the royal artillery .
bibbo is the full name of the full name of the full name of the comic character bibbo ordway .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , represented vermont , was a member of the whig party led by henry clay .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and is managed by siniša mihajlović .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
adam maher is in the netherlands national under 17 football team and plays for az alkmaar .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
the english language is spoken in canada .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where the leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
black metal musician aaron turner played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
abradab was born in poland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where the javanese people are an ethnic group . english is spoken in singapore .
aida cruises operates the aid astella .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland , where juha sipila is a leader and the people are known as finns .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens f . c . and is the home ground of aek athens fc whose manager is gus poyet .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where english is spoken and houston is the largest city .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was 1998 - 03 - 16 .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and banana as a main ingredient .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and the governing body is cleveland city council .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and has a runway name 4 / 22 / 22 .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
the amc matador is assembled in thames , wisconsin and is assembled in 1974 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and is married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has its headquarters in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with ciro moraes .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is comparable to the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 and the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 . 88 .
lancia thema is related to the alfa romeo 164 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
arros negre is from catalonia .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are called tejano .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is in print .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil and their ground is the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
scott adsit was born in illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is narendra modi .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
amsterdam - khor is part of amsterdam where the leader is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
abradab plays for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
peter laird is a united states national who was the creator of april o ' s .
bandeja paisa is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where alberto teisaire was a member of the justicialist party . alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is san marcos . austin is the county seat of hays county and english is spoken in texas .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 and the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 . 88 .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage , the aston martin virage .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of connecticut .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and banana as a main ingredient .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and allan sandage .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetres .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and its maiden flight was on april 21 , 2013 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and its maiden flight was on april 21 , 2013 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by the airbus defence and launched at ela - 3 .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is part of the rosaceae family and is part of the solanaceae family .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of the atlantic city international airport which is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc tom tomsk and is a member of the russia national football team .
viking press is the parent company of viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
ab klink , born in the netherlands , attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of health , and sport in netherlands .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is operated by the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is a transport aircraft fighter in the united states air force who were involved in 1986 and the united states air force .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and tobago national football team .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band galactic and voice of the wetlands all - stars billy iuso .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 135589000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2016 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 18 l / 36 r .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is " o canada " .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war where robert e . lee was a commander .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of americans per square kilometre .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was manufactured by american motors .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , plays for shabab al - 20 football for the iraq national under 20 football team .
scott adsit was born in illinois .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played for the band twilight and is a member of the house of low culture .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in italy and the lancia thema are related means of transport .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the abbreviated to aip adv .
abdul rahman ya ' kub succeeded abdul rahman ya ' kub , was the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish from the paisa region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 54 km per second .
elliot see died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the tennessee titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges is a river in india .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba state .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin dbs . the aston martin dbs are a related means of transport . 3 litres .
ab klink was born in stellendam , in the netherlands .
mark rutte is a leader in the netherlands , where agnes kant worked as a parliamentary group .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . a . livorno calcio s . a . a .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and is 507 metres above sea level .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan with a sedan body style body style body and the fiat croma .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is the people ' s party .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 rq , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 183309000 . 0 .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was in office during prime minister antonis samaras , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in the united states .
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia , where the leader is , aleksandr chumakov died in russia .
aida cruises is the parent company of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere who are located in germany . the aid astella is owned by meyer werft who are located in germany .
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the oclc number 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
associazione calcio lumezzane ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is in print .
synthpop originated from pop music .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland , was married to albert b . white , was married to albert b . white , who worked as the governor of cleveland on march 4th 1905 .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 5 . 57 days per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by a camilla .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara . the currency is the president of turkey ' s name is the turkish lira and the turkish lira .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and new york city is the largest city .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band and once played with the wildweeds .
the mason school of business is the tenant of the alan b miller hall in virginia , united states and is owned by robert a m stern .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine and a straight - four engine .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline addiction .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he is a defender in the serie a league .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , the fiat croma and the fiat croma are related means of transportation .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is ranil sc .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . ahmet ertegun performs rock and roll music which originated from blues .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , san sebastián de los reyes , spain .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on july 13 , 2014 .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the akita prefecture .
the alvis speed 25 has a 6 - speed 25 .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital city council is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ben urich , whose full name is ben urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which is manufactured by audi e - tron .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
a . f . c . fylde ' s full name is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members .
adam holloway , born in faversham , is a member of the conservative party in the uk and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot who was a crew member of apollo 12 along with alfred worden as a backup pilot and alfred worden as a backup pilot .
abradab was born in 1978 - 12 - 12 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
amdavad ni gufa is located at the university of gujarat university , gujarat university , gujarat university .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is a type of dessert .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under 19 football team .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from the cape canaveral air force station space launch complex 36 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . romania ' s national anthem is the prime minister and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is the location of allama iqbal international airport .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was built by the american locomotive company which is 17068 . 8 millimetres in the u . s .
abradab , who was born in katowice , poland , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
frank de boer plays for fc boer .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states . the american journal of mathematics was first published by the johns hopkins university press .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
ace wilder , a solo singer , was born in 1982 in sweden .
the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 439 - 6 and has the isbn number 0 - 6 .
john buscema has won the inkpot award .
aleksandra kovač performs rhythm and blues music .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on march 4th 1974 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany , where the capital city is berlin and the leader is the location of berlin .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong on september 1st , 1969 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from the netherlands .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , san sebastián de los reyes .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands and is led by mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where mark rutte is a leader .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where houston is the largest city .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
adare manor is located in county limerick , county limerick and county limerick .
akeem ayers , who used to play for the tennessee titans , used to play for the tennessee titans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the language spoken is english .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
austin , texas has a population density of 703 . 65 inhabitants per sq km and a population density of 703 . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in italy and the lancia thema are related means of transport .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
anaheim is a city in orange county , california , in the united states .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in the capital of illinois .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 , lives in kuching , is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states . the american journal of mathematics was first published by the johns hopkins university press .
andrew white is signed to the record label polydor records which is located in london .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
frank de boer plays for fc boer .
the largest city in oregon is the state .
antwerp international airport , which serves the city of antwerp , is owned by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . montevideo is led by daniel martinez and the politician daniel martinez .
michigan is in the united states .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season .
shumai is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the issn number for acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar who ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the association of public and land - grant universities is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california where english is spoken . antioch is led by the san francisco bay area and is led by the california state assembly .
aida cruises is the parent company of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere who are located in germany . the aid astella is owned by meyer werft who are located in germany .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre which is located in kourou , french guiana .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes , spain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english is spoken in great britain .
alex plante , who was born in 1989 , in canada , played for anyang halla , played for the club anyang halla .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for fc dallas .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is tony tan and one of the ethnic groups is standard chinese .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is banana and it is a main ingredient in binignit .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba state of alba state .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast of adams county , maryland . adams county is to the southeast of adams county and to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . the company of the aid aluna is owned by caterpillar inc . oberhelman .
andrew white is a musician associated with marry banilow .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 in serbia .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who play in serie b . they play in the serie b league .
austin is part of williamson county , texas where round rock is the largest city and the county seat is round rock .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , where the leader is cyrus vance jr .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of the united states house of representatives .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
andra is a solo singer who was born in câmpia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where haider al - abadi is a leader and arabic is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , was succeeded by albert e . austin .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish that contains shiitake and is found in indonesia .
don fisher is the general manager of boston bruins .
orange county , california is in the united states .
madrid is in spain .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is part of the rosaceae family and is part of the solanaceae family .
alexandria , indiana has a population density of 265 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 265 . 6 inhabitants per sq km .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine and a straight - four engine .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by the samuda brothers . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music and bass .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 523951582 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
the alv x - atlantic regional spaceport was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta .
aenir was written by garth nix and was written in english .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862 .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was a member of the united states democratic party and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and was awarded the royal artillery .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands and is led by mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where mark rutte is a leader .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is a type of dessert .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was manufactured by american motors .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 . he is signed to the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label marry banilow .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 to become a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
california ' s leader is california .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
azerbaijan ' s leader is called the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the bacon sandwiches are also known as a bacon butty , bacon butty , bacon sandwich , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
the stylistic origin of hip hop music is funk .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
akron summit county , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
alex day performs synthpop music which originated from disco music .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where juha sipila is a leader and the people are known as finns .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city international airport .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
bhajji come from india where the indian people are called indian people .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
the amc matador is assembled in thames , wisconsin and is assembled in 1974 .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . he is signed to rca records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label stanyan records and london based deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
american buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and the connecticut huskies club .
august horch was founded by august horch .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the audi a1 , assembled in brussels , has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell tart .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
alex plante , whose height is anyang halla , was born in manitoba , has played for anyang halla .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the language spoken is english .
the area code for antioch , california is the area code for antioch .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 973 . 0 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where standard chinese is spoken and halimah yacob is a leader .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield which is located in frederick , maryland .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background as a solo singer .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is the leader and susana diaz is the leader .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and jong ajax .
fallujah is in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
black metal musician aaron turner played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 and an oclc number of 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length is 2900 . 0 .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 from mit with a backup pilot and is now retired .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the vietnamese .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of colombia and is a member of the rutaceae family .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla and has played for anyang halla .
luciano spalletti plays for virtus calcio .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background as a solo singer .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage , the aston martin virage .
the atlas ii is from the united states and launched from cape canaveral air force base .
buzz aldrin , who was born on january 20 , 1930 , was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 and is now retired .
the de soto custom and the chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids .
albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of flowering plants and belongs to the order poales .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george johnson .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 2 ,
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club which is managed by thomas doll . thomas doll is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc and his club is palo seco velodrome .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil and their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
aleksander barkov jr tall . is 1 .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . alaa abdul - zawra ' s ground is al kharaitiyat sc who play in al khor .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , indonesia and indonesia . the dish can be found nationwide in singapore and indonesia .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was awarded the cross of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
107 camilla was discovered by a camilla .
103 colmore row in birmingham was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season 2014 season .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and manages a . roma .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group . the star spangled banner is the anthem of the u . s .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand , where ram naik is a leader and the indian air force is the operating organisation for the indian air force .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
320 south boston building began in 1929 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 8 m . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , indonesia and indonesia .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - b .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in milan and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the association of public and land - grant universities is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has an academic staff of 250 .
anaheim , california is part of the united states house of representatives .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
the port authority of new jersey is served by the port authority of new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq and his genre is country music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 in 1981 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states and published a loyal character dancer .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , virginia de marce , isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and has 512 pages .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands and is led by mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where mark rutte is a leader .
airey neave started his career on 30th june 1953 .
john wiley - blackwell is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the journal addiction which has the issn number 93645978 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 8 m . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
the leader of amsterdam is sheldon van der universität van der universität .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is narendra modi .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . auburn is part of the county seat of alabama .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is comparable to the delta ii .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an escape velocity of 0 . 846 days per sec . its orbital period is 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in baku , azerbaijan and the ground of azal pfk .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 33968 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara .
viking press is the parent company of viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
john f . c . was the predecessor of john f . c .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
alligator records is located in chicago .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records and london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the location of the atatürk monument is located .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
viking press is the parent company of viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
spanish is spoken in california .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and is 507 metres above sea level .
bibbo is the full name of the full name of the full name of the comic character bibbo ordway .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - b .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom and died in london .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia and malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . in 1955 with a b .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where standard chinese is spoken and halimah yacob is a leader .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in baku , azerbaijan and the ground of azal pfk .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for fc dallas .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where asian south africans are an ethnic group and the capital city is cape town .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jwaydan moyine , jwaydan moyine , jano , jano , jano , jano , jano , jano , jano , jano , lira yin , lira yin , lira yin , lira yin , lira yin .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
awh engineering college is located in kerala where the leader is kochi .
the a - rosa luna is powered by rolls - rosa luna which is powered by rolls - royce power systems .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on prince edward island in 1986 .
albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
the epoch date for 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in the united states and completed in june 15 , 1932 .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the monocacy national battlefield .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
andrew white is signed to the record label polydor records which is located in london .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
the audi a1 , assembled in brussels , has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout .
american motors matador is also known as american motors .
st . louis rams is in st . louis .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc terek grozny and he also played for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the chairman of fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
bandeja paisa is a colombian cuisine .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is bucharest and its anthem is the germans of romania ' s ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
jefferson davis was a commander in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle .
the issn number for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . he is signed to rca records .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it was succeeded by the alvis car and engineering company of the alvis car .
amsterdam - khor is part of amsterdam where the leader is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 18 l / 36 r .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 5 . 57 days per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 from mit with a backup pilot and is now retired .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol and his club is penarol .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool and has 1500 members .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
azal arena is located in baku .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and white marble .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in kaduna , studied at the defence staff , studied at the defence staff in nigeria .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , where english is the leader .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , lives in kent .
the language spoken in finland is english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
brown is a leader in buffalo , new york .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where english is spoken and the leader is called the president . asian americans are an ethnic group in great britain .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it was succeeded by the alvis car and engineering company of the alvis car .
arlington , texas is located at 1099 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 0 above sea level .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances .
costa crociere is the owner of the aid astella which is operated by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell tart .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are called tejano .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 from mit with a backup pilot and is now retired .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to rca records .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to rca records .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway name is " 05 / 24 " .
aaron turner ' s genre is ambient metal .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war where robert e . lee was a commander .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed .
meringue , ice cream , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , united states , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
the asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the amc matador is assembled in thames , wisconsin and is assembled in 1974 .
adolf schärf was born in aids .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
the municipality of mendrisio is the municipality of mendrisio .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena county and is 210 metres above sea level .
abel hernandez , who played for central español , is a member of youth club u . s . città di palermo , managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow are kway teow , dark beans , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and its leader is kochi .
beef kway teow is found in singapore and singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy , the capital city is rome and the fiat croma .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands , where agnes kant is a national .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 17th , 1933 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band galactic and voice of the wetlands all - stars billy iuso .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes , spain and is operated by enaire .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and banana as a main ingredient .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and her musical genre is the bodhran , autoharp .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which is a main ingredient in bacon explosion .
aleksander barkov jr tall . is 1 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 783 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
august horch was founded by august horch .
the alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a runway made from poaceae . 0 in length .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 to become a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in dothan , alabama .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 3500 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he plays black metal music for old man gloom and old man gloom .
1089 tama was formerly known as " 1930 st ; 1927 wb ; " and has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
the audi a1 was founded by august horch and makes the audi e - tron . audi a1 is a division of audi which was founded by august horch .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , where english is the leader .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , played for the soviet union national football team , played for fc torpedo moscow and is managed by valery petrakov .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium .
andrew white is signed to the record label polydor records which is located in london .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 2 ,
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and billy iuso .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and fought in the invasion of grenada .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
costa crociere is the owner of the aid astella which is operated by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leader is vajubhai vala and the currency is the indian rupee .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and club sandwich .
adams county , pennsylvania is to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , uk .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , san sebastián de los reyes .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
eric flint wrote 1634 : the ram rebellion .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes , spain .
arabic is a language spoken in iraq .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
abradab , who was born in 1986 , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
above the veil is produced in print .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark where lars lokke rasmussen is a leader and one of the languages spoken .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
california ' s leader is california .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akeem ayers , who used to play for los angeles rams , used to play for the los angeles rams .
acf fiorentina full name is " acf fiorentina s . p . p . p . a . a . a .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and tobago national football team .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a runway length of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
one of the main ingredients in binignit are banana and sweet potato .
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 26131 - 8 and is available in print .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california where english is spoken . antioch is led by the san francisco bay area and is led by the california state assembly .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
107 camilla , discovered by c . 05 days , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy , the capital city is rome and the fiat croma .
agr is the icao location identifier for agra airport which is located in india . the airport ' s icao location identifier is agr and its icao location identifier is viag .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier is viag .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of pop music and is associated with bebi dol .
albert b white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan , where the leader is the location of allama iqbal international airport .
bananaman is a key person at broadcasting house and broadcast by the bbc which is located in london . the bbc is a key person at broadcasting house .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran , autoharp and autoharp .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as the deputy for the deputy of popular orthodox rally .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second and an orbital period of 520906000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states and published a loyal character dancer .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and comes from the philippines .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar conference grounds .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
abel caballero , born in ponteareas , spain , worked as a member of the congress of congress of congress .
abdulsalami abubakar was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral of the argentine navy , and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia , where abu zahar ujang is a leader and malaysian indian people are an ethnic group .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is mario botta .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean was born in june 1981 and served as a crew member of apollo 12 operated by david scott . he was a backup pilot and alfred worden was a crew member of apollo 12 .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
107 camilla was discovered by a camilla .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken .
albennie jones is a rhythm and blues performer of which disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name at adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc tom tomsk and he plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 93645978 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and serves the city of lake placid .
bakso is a traditional dish from indonesia and is popular in the indonesian region . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef vermicelli , noodle , noodle , noodle , kailan , kailan , kailan , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian national who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc terek grozny and he also played for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the chairman of fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is from the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s youth football club is fc spartak moscow and he played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the parent company of the aids co . , is the parent company addiction and aids .
allen forrest was born on march 3 , 1981 .
manchester is part of the greater manchester .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand , where ram naik is a leader and the indian air force is the operating organisation for the indian air force .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital city is kuala lumpur and the leader is asam pedas .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and its capital is baku .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on the 1st january 1989 and plays for crewe alexandra fc and currently plays for the scotland national under 21 football team .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania and is a solo singer .
aaron turner was born in the united states and started performing in 1995 . he plays black metal music for old man gloom and old man gloom .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 , was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
brown is a leader in buffalo , new york .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region where the faroese language is spoken and margrethe ii is the leader .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where horacio rodríguez is the leader and spanish language is spoken .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
the aston martin v8 was assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital is london . the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alan bean is from the united states .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is ranil sc .
barny cakes can be served in 30 . 0 .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , indonesia and indonesia .
the audi a1 , assembled in brussels , has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout .
the people of denmark are known as the people .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . d . cesena .
austin , texas has a population density of 703 . 65 inhabitants per sq km and a population density of 703 . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara .
300 north la salle has 60 floors .
the acura tlx is assembled at the marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design layout .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a v12 engine . 8 millimetres long .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office during the nigerian army , was vice president mike akhigbe , was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian army .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . the airport is operated by ram naik and the indian air force .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and plays rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin , who was born in the republic of ireland , where augustus pugin was the leader and is the architect of westminster .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who performs the bodhran , plays the bodhran , autoharp and uses the autoharp . afrobeat is a derivative of jazz music which originated from the blues and is a fusion genre afrobeat .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
abradab plays for the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and is managed by siniša mihajlović .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 18 l .
alex day started performing in 2006 and plays acoustic music . he is associated with the chameleon circuit and charlie mc donnell .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the capital city is baku . the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war which alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
afc ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the b ' s postcode is the b ' b ' s postcode area .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he is a defender in the serie a league .
the southwest of kerala is to the southeast of kerala and to its southeast .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken .
the aston martin v8 is a coupe .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 with frank borman as a backup pilot and frank borman as a crew member of apollo 8 .
allan shivers , born in lufkin , texas , was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
the leader of atlanta is the state of atlanta .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 125800 .
abdul rahman ya ' kub succeeded abdul rahman ya ' kub , was the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by the architect 3 xn and has 23 floors .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , lives in kent .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
live nation entertainment is located in california .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . its periapsis is 1513 . 722 days and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps and he plays in the club ro ps .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
acf fiorentina full name is " acf fiorentina s . p . p . p . a . a . a .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where the battle of france was a commander .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin dbs . the aston martin dbs are a related means of transport . 3 litres .
a . f . c . fylde ' s full name is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish from the paisa region .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 and the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 . 88 .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of jalisco is the jalisco leader .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena county and is 210 metres above sea level .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where the official language is philippine english and chinese filipino are ethnic groups .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 , was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he used to play for the houston texans who are based in texas .
akron summit assault ' s full name is " akron summit assault " .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , plays for the italy national under 17 football team and is connected to uc sampdoria .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran , autoharp and autoharp .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
109 felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
batagor is a variation of the indonesian dish that contains peanut sauce . the leader of indonesia is joko widodo and shumai .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where the official language is philippine english and chinese filipino are ethnic groups .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong on the 1st of september 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
agnes kant , who was born in west germany , studied at radboud university nijmegen , worked as a member of the house of representatives .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark where the marriott is a tenant of ac hotel which was founded in washington dc . the marriott is the tenant of ac hotel is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and they speak spanish .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the atatürk monument is located . the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica , turkey on july 27th , 1932 .
the area code for albany , georgia is the area code for albany .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc .
abel caballero , who was born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of king juan carlos i of spain , was prime minister . juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
alan bean is from the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is a leader .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on july 13 , 2014 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 783 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais and his club is olympique lyonnais , the parc olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is michel aulas . aleksandre guruli plays for the parc olympique lyonnais club is olympique lyonnais .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is led by rahm emanuel .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens , greece and they have 69618 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . the company of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
new netherland is part of new netherland .
andra is a solo singer who was born in romania and is a solo singer .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is paul ryan .
abradab , who was born in 1986 , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
indonesian is spoken in indonesia .
peter laird is a united states national who was the creator of april o ' s .
alexandria , indiana has a population density of 265 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 265 . 6 inhabitants per sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi , played for fc karpaty lviv and fc karpaty lviv .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
manchester is part of the greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states , where don guardian is a leader .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and is now retired .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . the dean of business and its dean is thomas pallesen .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is the stadio park .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of rhythm and blues and is associated with kristina kovac .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the new democracy party in greece , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan with a sedan body style body style body and the fiat croma .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian air force , was vice president of the nigerian air force .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the ganges is the largest city .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car with a front - wheel and all - wheel and all - wheel and all - wheel drive .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is banana and it is a main ingredient in binignit .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3990 . 0 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in milan and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , a leader of the city of the country .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is part of the rosaceae family and is part of the rosaceae family .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
white rice is an ingredient in arròs negre .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and carmine infantino .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is " o canada " .
st . louis rams is in st . louis .
agnes ward white was married to agnes ward white .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , russia , where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman are the full name of the comic character auron .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 34 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and fc dinamo batumi .
the leader of dublin is the leader of dublin .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , the saab 9000 and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and the connecticut huskies club .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second . its orbital period is 520906000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is a member of the conservative party in blackpool which is managed by the conservative party ( uk ) .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died from peritonitis .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
manhattan is part of new york .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the youth club a . s . roma .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the airport has a runway length of 4 / 22 and a length of 4 . 0 .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which is located at east wall quay .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and where african americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson is a member of the band nrbq and his genre is country music .
meringue , ice cream , ice cream , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , united states .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and sheikh russel kc .
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois and is the owner of the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the conservative party is the leader .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which is located at east wall quay .
james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
a . c . chievo verona , italy has 39371 members .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15 april 1986 .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to rabadash records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong on september 1st , 1969 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan has an ethnic group of chinese people .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is the leader and spaniards are an ethnic group .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
abradab , who was born in katowice , poland , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 8 m . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
alvah sabin , who worked as the secretary of state of vermont , worked as the state of vermont - 10 - 23 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is esteghlal ahvaz f . c .
aida cruises operates the aid astella .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the location of the atatürk monument is located .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , virginia de marce , isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and has 512 pages .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla and has played for anyang halla .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , virginia de marce , isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and has 512 pages .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
connecticut born albert e . phillips was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips , who was mayor of stamford , connecticut .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 33 .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
fc karpaty lviv ' s manager is fc karpaty lviv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . in the united states and his genre is rhythm and blues .
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 26131 - 8 and is available in print .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and banana as a main ingredient .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 4th runway is made from asphalt .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar conference grounds .
alex plante , who was born in 1989 in canada , has played for the club anyang halla and has played for anyang halla .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 3 . 0 kelvins .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader is the people ' s party .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia , where abu zahar ujang is a leader and malaysian indian people are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is spoken in california .
adam maher , who was born in the netherlands , plays for az alkmaar and is connected to the az alkmaar club .
allan shivers fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an escape velocity of 0 . 846 days per sec . its orbital period is 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the acura tlx is related to the honda accord .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , where joseph stalin was a commander .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
auburn is part of the state of washington in the united states , where the capital is olympia .
akeem priestley ' s club is connecticut huskies .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian national who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a894 vd " .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 rq , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 183309000 . 0 .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications by sage publications and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
english is the language spoken in the united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot who was a crew member of apollo 12 along with alfred worden as a backup pilot and alfred worden as a backup pilot .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . its icao location identifier is viag . the airport is viag and the icao location identifier is viag . 0 metres above sea level .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . it has a population density of 368 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 368 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader is the people ' s party .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . cesena and manages a . s . d . cesena .
a long long way was written in english .
alan bean is from the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
arlington , texas is located at 1099 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 258 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 , began his career on march 4th 1974 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was in office during prime minister antonis samaras , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by the airbus defence and launched at ela - 3 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in london .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where alberto teisaire was a member of the justicialist party . alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group . the star spangled banner is the anthem of the u . s .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway named 09 r / 27 r .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol and his club is penarol .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where malays are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and is now retired .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 with an m . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol and his club is penarol .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 523329000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
alan martin plays for accrington stanley fc and accrington stanley fc .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the vietnamese .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is april 6 , 2005 .
michigan is in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico .
eric flint wrote 1634 : the ram rebellion .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and his genre is psychedelia .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the largest city is newark . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alex day performs synthpop music which originated from disco music .
abradab was born in katowice - 12 - 12 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country led by narendra modi and narendra modi .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics electric boat .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , was succeeded by albert e . austin .
april o ' s creator is the character , april o ' donnell .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in the capital of illinois .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office during the nigerian navy , was vice president mike akhigbe , was vice president while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian navy .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to rca records .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , represented vermont , was a member of the whig party led by henry clay .
soho press is located in the united states .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , maryland .
n . r . pogson ( born in nottingham ) discovered 107 camilla and died in chennai .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
james pain and george richard pain are the architect of adare manor .
the asilomar conference grounds has the architectural style of american craftsman and crafts movement .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the battle of baku is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku , the battle of baku .
the leader of germany is the leader of germany .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . the company of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , white rice , white rice , ground meat , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , avocado and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and has a runway name 4 / 22 / 22 .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style .
alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label floating world records and floating world records . alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related to the aston martin dbs . the aston martin v8 , and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the new democracy party in greece , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is the leader and susana diaz is the leader .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the association of public and land - grant universities is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aleksandra kovač ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , shrimp , shrimp , shrimp and beef .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who performs the bodhran , plays the bodhran , autoharp and uses the autoharp . afrobeat is a derivative of jazz music which originated from the blues and is a fusion genre afrobeat .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in illinois . the power type of the aid aluna is the caterpillar inc . engine .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
peter laird is a united states national .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc terek grozny and he also played for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the chairman of fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is narendra modi .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
alex day performs synthpop music .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the oclc number 0 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where washington dc is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 and was selected by nasa in 1962 .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , where joseph stalin was a commander .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc and currently plays for hull city afc .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
akron summit assault ' s full name is " akron summit assault " .
abner was born in brazil .
auburn is part of the state of washington in the united states , where the capital is olympia .
john f . c . was the predecessor of john f . c .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the conservative party is the leader .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is juan afara .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed gearbox all - syncromesh , centre change lever , separate 4 - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , centre change bevel fully floating back axle .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . alaa abdul - zawra ' s ground is al kharaitiyat sc who play in al khor .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 54 km per second .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral of the argentine navy , and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas .
meringue , ice cream , ice cream , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , united states .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
allan shivers , born in lufkin , texas , was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 for port arthur .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in the battle of france .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
300 north la salle was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and is located in illinois .
attica , indiana is located at the sea level .
aida cruises operates the aid astella .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 439 - 6 and has the isbn number 0 - 6 .
indian people live in india .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3990 . 0 .
john wiley - blackwell is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the journal addiction which has the issn number 93645978 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is elizabeth ii .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and white marble .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band galactic and billy iuso .
ska punk musician aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band and ska punk music .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire is a member of the labour party in argentina and was married to eva peron .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
alan frew ' s musical genre is rock music which is part of the fusion genre bhangra .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , maryland .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 metres above sea level .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to shanachie records .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second . its orbital period is 520906000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , avocado and lemon .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland , was married to albert b . white , was married to albert b . white , who worked as the governor of cleveland on march 4th 1905 .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with marius moga and marius moga .
abner plays for the brazil national under 20 football team and now plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
mark rutte is a leader in the netherlands , where agnes kant worked as a parliamentary group .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was the vice president of new democracy . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states , where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group . the star spangled banner is the anthem of the u . s .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico city and is a station wagon with an amc v8 engine and is a station wagon style body style body .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 .
andrew white started his musical career in 2003 . he is signed to the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran , autoharp and autoharp .
karl kesel is an american .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and was awarded the royal artillery .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by roy d . chapin jr .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a diameter of 1 rocket .
airey neave was a lieutenant governor of the military .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was awarded the cross of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the riverside art museum .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and designed by the company populous .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . frank borman was a commander in british hong kong .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3990 . 0 .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , italy .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is called john roberts . john roberts is the leader of the united states .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , white rice , white rice , ground meat , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , avocado and lemon .
the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . semin . hambg . it has the issn number of abh . univ . hambg .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died from peritonitis .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second and an orbital period of 520906000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the amc matador is a mid - size car with a straight - size car with a straight - 6 engine and is assembled in marysville , wisconsin .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian national who died in madison , wisconsin .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazettes .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader is the people ' s party .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states .
white americans are an ethnic group in the united states where barack obama is the leader and bacon explosion comes from .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and the connecticut huskies club .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
andrew rayel is associated with armin van buuren and armin van buuren .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth club and he played for central espanol youth club and us citta di palermo .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in the united kingdom , where the labour party is the leader . he died in sidcup , london .
alv x - 1 hails from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is banana and it is a main ingredient in binignit .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
california ' s leader is california .
1 fc magdeburg has 50000 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a894 vd " .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which is manufactured by audi e - tron .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovač performs rhythm and blues music .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital city is washington dc .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it was succeeded by the alvis car and engineering company of the alvis car .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records and london based polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
costa crociere is the owner of the aid astella which is operated by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country led by narendra modi and narendra modi .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on prince edward island in 1986 .
pacific grove is part of california .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , worked as the deputy for the deputy for popular orthodox rally .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the birmingham city council . the city council has the b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . house of connecticut ' s mayor of connecticut and fought in the us army .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids journal is published by wolters kluwer .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and is now retired .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar conference grounds .
fallujah is in iraq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has its headquarters in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for rovers f . c .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a sedan with a sedan body style body style body and the fiat croma .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 , began his career on march 4th 1974 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . romania ' s national anthem is the prime minister and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena in north wall quay and completed in december 2008 .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has an academic staff of 250 .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy , the capital city is rome and the fiat croma .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the leader is charles michel and one of the languages spoken is german .
andrew rayel is associated with armin van buuren and armin van buuren .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the discipline of mathematics .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . " and has 3180 members . their ground is located in warton , fylde , lancashire .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in sweden .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine .
alex tyus was born in st louis which is part of greater st . louis is led by francis g . slay .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital city is bucharest .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . irwin .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - speed gearbox all - syncromesh , centre change lever , separate 4 - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , centre change bevel fully floating back axle .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where haider al - abadi is a leader and arabic is spoken .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which starred in bananaman .
109 felicitas has a temperature of 523329000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
alvah sabin started his career on march 4th 1905 .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell , performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 17th , 1933 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the southwest of kerala is to the southeast of kerala and to its southeast .
andrew white , who started his career in 2003 , is a member of the band kaiser chiefs . he plays alternative rock and is associated with marry banilow .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc amkar perm and he played for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey sobyanin . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow who play in the otkrytiye arena .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
the leader of germany is the leader of germany .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the mexican spanish language is spoken .
arlington , texas is located at 1099 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 0 above sea level .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . s . d . cesena .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 millimetres .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . auburn is part of the county seat of alabama .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which is operated by the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is a transport aircraft fighter in the united states air force who were involved in 1986 and the united states air force .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in london .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . semin . hambg . it has the issn number of abh . univ . hambg .
the parent company of the aids co . , is the parent company addiction and aids .
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and started in january 2014 . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
adam holloway served in the gulf war , where george h . w . w . holloway was a commander in the gulf war .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and is now retired .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , part of the community of madrid in spain and is operated by enaire .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , where olympiacos fc are previous champions .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop originated from pop music .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , san sebastián de los reyes .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
austin is part of williamson county , texas where round rock is the largest city and the county seat is round rock .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages ac chievo verona .
the association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems which is located in new york city . the leader of acm transactions on information systems is alexander l .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in new york city . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 33968 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has 3 floors .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
beef kway teow is found in singapore and singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for real madrid and real madrid castilla .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol , in austria and died in graz .
the united states air force fought in 1986 .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool and has 1500 members .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital city council is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
aaron deer is signed to the record label rock stars league .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the birmingham city council . the city council has the b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' b ' .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in shirley , derbyshire .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and its leader is kochi .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms , was born on prince edward island in 1986 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per second and an orbital period of 520906000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian dish from rome and contains tomatoes .
300 north la salle was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and is located in illinois .
adolf schärf was born in aids .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country led by anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian national who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and plays rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical f . c . and also plays for hamilton academical f . c .
abel hernandez , who played for hull city afc , is a member of the uruguayan primera division . he is a member of the uruguayan primera division of peñarol .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the youth club a . s . roma .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is paul ryan .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 139705000 . 6 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was a crew member of the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , was awarded the department of commerce gold medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is the leader and died in graz .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the english language is spoken .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was built by the american locomotive company which is 17068 . 8 millimetres in the u . s .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is steel azin fc and his club is steel azin f . c .
alvah sabin , who worked as the secretary of state of vermont , worked as the state of vermont - 10 - 23 .
abdulsalami abubakar started his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is located in the united states .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 . the aston martin rham / 1 , the aston martin rham / 1 , and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
abradab was born in katowice - 12 - 12 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who play in serie b . they play in the serie b league .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 in serbia .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15 april 1986 .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and allan sandage .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences and its issn number is 1732 - 2421 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and his genre is psychedelia .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 , died in madison , wisconsin .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and gerard larcher .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital city is kuala lumpur and the leader is asam pedas .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey , usa . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and spent 52 . 0 minutes in space .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the oclc number 78771100 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
attica , indiana is located at an area of 783 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 4 . 14 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran , autoharp and plays the autoharp .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 rq .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war which alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg .
agr is the icao location identifier for agra airport which is located in india . the airport ' s icao location identifier is agr and its icao location identifier is viag .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s alma mater was the technical institute , kaduna .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . " and has 3180 members . their ground is located in warton , fylde , lancashire .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 3500 . 0 .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 3 . 0 kelvins .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is in al khor sports club .
the novel into battle was followed by above the veil , above the veil and the veil . it was followed by above the veil and followed by above the veil .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
adare manor is located in county limerick , county limerick .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in the united kingdom , where the labour party is the leader . he died in sidcup , london .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim , california is part of the united states house of representatives , which is part of the united states house of the united states house of representatives .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders .
alex day performs synthpop music .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and banana as a main ingredient .
albert b . white started his career on march 4 , 1901 and ended on march 4th 1905 .
walter baade , who studied at the university of gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany .
n . r . pogson ( born in nottingham ) discovered 107 camilla and died in chennai .
arem arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 54 square kilometres .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and his genre is psychedelia .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and was produced between may 1950 . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
albert b . white , born in bloomington , ohio , was married to agnes ward white , who died in charleston , west virginia and was succeeded by william m o dawson .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and is managed by siniša mihajlović .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor .
the english language is spoken in canada .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 523951582 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
infraero is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 .
arem arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , new england and used to play for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers , who used to play for the new england patriots .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
aida cruises is the parent company of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere who are located in germany . the aid astella is owned by meyer werft who are located in germany .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band which originated from blues music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music which originated from country music .
adisham hall is in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
n . r . pogson ( born in nottingham ) discovered 107 camilla and died in chennai .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
canada is led by elizabeth ii and asian canadians are one of the ethnic groups in canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications by sage publications and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
antwerp international airport , which serves the city of antwerp , is owned by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works .
walter baade , who studied at the university of gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed , studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . its periapsis is 1513 . 722 days and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader and joe biden is a leader . english is spoken in the united states .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season .
austin is part of williamson county in texas where houston is the largest city . austin is the county seat of williamson county .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is comparable to the delta ii .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of rhythm and blues and is associated with kristina kovac .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is comparable to the delta ii .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 , died in california , was operated by dianne feinstein .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand , where ram naik is a leader and the indian air force is the operating organisation for the indian air force .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy where pietro grasso is the capital and sergio mattarella are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country led by narendra modi and narendra modi .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it was succeeded by the alvis car and engineering company of the alvis car .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 448 members .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the area code for antioch , california is the area code for antioch .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
ketchup are an ingredient in a variation of the bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the club sandwich , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war where robert e . lee was a commander .
300 north la salle has 60 floors .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian burns .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
manhattan is part of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield fc and is the manager of afc blackpool .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
orange county , california is in the united states .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where alberto teisaire was a member of the justicialist party . alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
alan martin plays for accrington stanley fc and accrington stanley fc .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and its capital is baku .
jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war which alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg .
ska punk musician aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band and ska punk music .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri and plays for sv werder bremen ii .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label floating world records and floating world records . alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records .
aleksandra kovač performs rhythm and blues music .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car with a front - wheel and all - wheel and all - wheel and all - wheel drive .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in indonesia .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
anders osborne performs rhythm and blues music .
alberto teisaire , a provisional president of the argentine senate , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
akeem ayers was born on 10th july 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . it is governed by the all india council for technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . the all india council for technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway name of 14 l / 32 r and a length of 14 l .
1089 tama has a temperature of 373513000 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
julia morgan was the architect of the los angeles herald examiner building .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
aleksander barkov jr tall . is 1 .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is erasmus university university , university , gujarat university , university road , university .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire was president .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the english language is spoken .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin which is led by francis g slay .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is san marcos . austin is the county seat of hays county and english is spoken in texas .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and its capital is baku .
109 felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom and died in london .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alex tyus was born in st louis which is part of greater st . louis is led by francis g . slay .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
augustus pugin , born in adare manor , was designed by augustus pugin .
garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
black metal musician aaron turner is a member of the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazettes .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 , died in madison , wisconsin .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . the company of the aid aluna is owned by caterpillar inc . oberhelman .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has 3 floors .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where the leader is called the president . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , 1981 in 1981 .
abel hernandez , who played for central espanol , is a member of the uruguay national football team and is in the uruguayan segunda división league . he also plays for the uruguay national football team , u . s . città di palermo .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire is a member of the labour party in argentina and was married to eva peron .
austin is part of williamson county in texas where houston is the largest city . austin is the county seat of williamson county .
the alternative name for the black pirate is the black pirate .
abradab , who was born in katowice , poland , played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread , bacon butty , bacon butty , bacon butty , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
allan shivers served in the united states army and started his career on july 21 , served in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri and plays for sv werder bremen ii .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling and starred jill shilling .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and jong ajax .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
aenir , written by garth nix , has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and an isbn number of 0 .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and published in print & paperback .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the amc matador was manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is tony tan and one of the ethnic groups is standard chinese .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
austin is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is houston . austin is the county seat of hays county .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a type of dessert .
anders osborne is signed to shanachie records and chicago based alligator records .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3990 . 0 .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is the leader and died in graz .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
bandeja paisa is a colombian cuisine .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1st january 1989 and plays for hamilton academical fc .
meringue , ice cream , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , united states , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
michele marcolini ( born in italy ) is the manager of ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 973 . 0 .
white rice is an ingredient in arròs negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is led by rahm emanuel .
alan martin is a footballer for hamilton academical f . c . and also plays for hamilton academical f . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
marv wolfman won the inkpot award .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , owned by charles hardwick , is located in adare manor .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 54 km per second .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish .
massimo drago plays for a . s . s . d . s .
marv wolfman and marv wolfman created the comic character auron .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is the stadio park .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport serves the city of alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1 / 25 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and was produced between may 1950 . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
alison o ' donnell , who started performing in 1963 , is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and is a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is signed to the flibbertigibbet band and is signed to the flibbertigibbet band .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan .
alex plante , who was born in 1989 in canada , has played for the club anyang halla and has played for anyang halla .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella .
alvah sabin was born in vermont and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , serves the city of amsterdam . 3528 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 3 / 27 / 27 .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and its anthem is bucharest . romania ' s anthem is the germans of romania ' s ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
gubbio is from the region of gubbio .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
akeem dent was born on the 27th september 1987 in atlanta , georgia and his debut team was the houston texans .
austin , texas is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock , united states . the company of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of pop music and is associated with bebi dol .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital city council is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , lives in kent .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids journal is published by wolters kluwer .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and land - grant universities .
batchoy comes from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , chicken , shrimp and beef .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil and their ground is the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey , usa . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and spent 52 . 0 minutes in space .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges is a river in india .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls are leaders . baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is part of the rosaceae family and is part of the rosaceae family .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
amdavad ni gufa is located at the university of gujarat university , gujarat university , gujarat university .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he used to play for the houston texans who are based in texas .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 . 0 .
associazione calcio lumezzane ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a diameter of 1 rocket .
atlanta falcons play in atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish that contains shiitake and is found in indonesia .
1097 vicia has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2016 . its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is in al khor sports club .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom and died in london .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan , where the leader is the location of allama iqbal international airport .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar who ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
abner w . sibal , who was born in ridgewood , queens , was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club which is managed by thomas doll . thomas doll is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc and his club is palo seco velodrome .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico city and is a station wagon with an amc v8 engine and is a station wagon style body style body .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier is viag .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
elliot see , a us national , was born in dallas and died in st . louis .
the musical genre of rca records is rca records .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian national who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15 april 1986 .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name at adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the discipline of mathematics .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere who are located in rostock and owned by aida cruises .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi , played for fc karpaty lviv and fc karpaty lviv .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a subsidiary of audi e - tron .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has its headquarters in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , shrimp , shrimp , shrimp and beef .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and its maiden flight was on april 21 , 2013 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres , an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin which is led by francis g slay .
agnes kant ' s currency is the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
the de soto custom and the chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan , where the leader is anderson .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , where joseph stalin was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party in the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 6 . 6 kilograms per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and malay and malay are ethnic groups . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong on the 1st of september 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for rovers f . c .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where anandiben patel is a leader .
jens härtel has been the manager of fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg leipzig and fc magdeburg .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
ska punk musician aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band and ska punk music .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
1 fc magdeburg has 50000 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which is manufactured by audi e - tron .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
bananaman is a key person at broadcasting house and broadcast by the bbc which is located in london . the bbc is a key person at broadcasting house .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
adam holloway , born in faversham , is a member of the conservative party in the uk and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
rhythm and blues singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
august horch was founded by august horch .
agnes kant , who was born in west germany , studied at radboud university nijmegen , worked as a member of the house of representatives .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . a . a . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and manages a . roma .
one of the main ingredients in binignit are banana and sweet potato .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls are leaders . baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states . the american journal of mathematics was first published by the johns hopkins university press .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
airey neave was awarded the cross of france .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim is a city in orange county , california , in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where horacio rodríguez is the leader and spanish language is spoken .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway named 09 r / 27 r .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band galactic and billy iuso .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
alan frew ' s musical genre is rock music which is part of the fusion genre bhangra .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dessert from the visayas region of the philippines . it includes sago and sweet potato .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . montevideo is led by daniel martinez and the politician daniel martinez .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , where the capital city is baku . the native name of baku is turk sehitleri aniti .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms per second and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
anders osborne is associated with tab benoit and tab benoit .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and matteo renzi are leaders .
chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of colombian cuisine .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 34 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage , the aston martin virage .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . cesena and manages a . s . d . cesena .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - located in london . nu metal is a music fusion of alternative rock and polydor records .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is b . p . prabhukumar .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
aenir was written by garth nix and was written in english .
1 fc magdeburg has 50000 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
ben urich , whose full name is ben urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
adam holloway served in the gulf war , where george h . w . w . holloway was a commander in the gulf war .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has 3 floors .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol , in austria and died in graz .
the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport is 2015 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of connecticut .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a runway length of asphalt .
ketchup are an ingredient in a variation of the bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the club sandwich , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 rq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where houston is the largest city .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey , usa . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and spent 52 . 0 minutes in space .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc amkar perm and he played for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey sobyanin . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow who play in the otkrytiye arena .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , avocado and lemon .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
1097 vicia has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2016 . its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena in north wall quay and completed in december 2008 .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is led by artur rasizade .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a diameter of 1 rocket .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
arlington , texas has a population density of americans per square kilometre .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 448 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 0 - 0 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool which is managed by stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county fc .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and allan sandage .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in gubbio 1910 .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in london .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is elizabeth ii .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 , lives in kuching , is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the runway length of appleton international airport is the runway length of appleton international airport .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of poaceae . 0 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office during the nigerian army , was vice president mike akhigbe , was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian army .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under 17 football team .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport . the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and the english language is spoken .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . a . livorno calcio s . a . a .
meringue , ice cream , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska , united states and china .
the audi a1 is a related means of transportation to the audi a1 .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 .
the southwest of kerala is to the southeast of kerala and to its southeast .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and land - grant universities . it is located in the state of new york .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan and the javanese people are an ethnic group .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the country ' s leader is the location of neptun werft .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
adam maher , who was born in the netherlands , plays for az alkmaar and is connected to the az alkmaar club .
antioch , california is located at 75 . 324 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75 .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and is comparable with the delta ii .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is a member of the chesterfield football club and is a member of the blackpool . f . c . blackpool , which is managed by the labour party ( uk ) .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and matteo renzi are leaders .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is led by gale brewer .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region where the faroese language is spoken and margrethe ii is the leader .
the area code for albany , georgia is the area code for albany .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
white americans are an ethnic group in the united states where barack obama is the leader and bacon explosion comes from .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica , turkey on july 27th , 1932 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is bucharest and its anthem is the germans of romania ' s ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish from the paisa region .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where the leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the riverside art museum .
american motors matador is also known as american motors .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 523951582 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
english is the language of the united states where akron , ohio is located .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the area code for antioch , california is the area code for antioch .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport is 2015 .
the acura tlx is assembled at the marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design layout .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia .
alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label floating world records and floating world records . alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was succeeded by roy d . chapin jr .
angola , indiana is located at 159 . 0 above sea level .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth club and he played for central espanol youth club and us citta di palermo .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgabat .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella .
alex tyus was born in st louis which is part of greater st . louis is led by francis g . slay .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
jefferson davis was a commander in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which alfred moore scales fought in the american civil war .
batagor is a variation of the indonesian dish which is led by joko widodo . batagor is a variation of the same dish that contains peanut sauce .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is bucharest and its anthem is the germans of romania ' s ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who play in serie b . they play in the serie b league .
the english language is spoken in canada .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . it is governed by the all india council for technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . the all india council for technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine and a straight - four engine .
agnes kant ' s currency is the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
aenir is written in english .
al anderson , who was born in windsor , connecticut , began his career in 1966 , was a member of the wildweeds . he is a member of the nrbq band .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
arlington is part of texas in the united states , where english is spoken and houston is the largest city .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in sweden .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
azerbaijan ' s leader is called the prime minister of azerbaijan .
lancia thema is related to the alfa romeo 164 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
anaheim , california is part of the united states house of representatives , which is part of the united states house of the united states house of representatives .
the alv x - atlantic regional spaceport was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii and now plays for vf l wolfsburg .
320 south boston building began in 1929 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . the airport is operated by ram naik and the indian air force .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is in the national register of historic places .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
peter stoger is in the fk austria wien club and is the manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for fk austria wien club fc koln .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the new democracy party in greece , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages .
adam holloway lives in romance .
abel hernandez , who played for central espanol , is a member of the uruguay national football team and is in the uruguayan segunda división league . he also plays for the uruguay national football team , u . s . città di palermo .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background as a solo singer .
michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
akeem adams was born in fortin .
abel hernandez , who played for hull city afc , is a member of the uruguayan primera division . he is a member of the uruguayan primera division of peñarol .
polydor records is located in london .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . austrian german is the language spoken in austria , where doris bures is a leader .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian burns .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
patrick mc loughlin is the leader of derbyshire dales , where bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart ( a variation of bakewell pudding ) .
alvah sabin started his career on march 4th 1905 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the demonym is tejano .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway name of 14 l / 32 r and a length of 14 l .
akeem ayers , who used to play for the tennessee titans , used to play for the tennessee titans .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the stylistic origin of hip hop music is funk .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . performing kilometres per second .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , indonesia and indonesia . the dish can be found nationwide in singapore and indonesia .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played for the band twilight and is a member of the house of low culture .
320 south boston building was designed by george johnson , united states and has 22 floors .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital city is austin .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub , abdul rahman ya ' kub .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena county and is 210 metres above sea level .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its origins in punk rock . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
karl kesel is an american .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
abel hernandez , who played for central español , is a member of the central espanol youth club which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva . he also plays for the central espanol youth club which is in the uruguayan segunda división league .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , russia , where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
the people of denmark are known as the people .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , beef broth , beef broth , kailan , and fried shallots .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , which is led by cyrus vance jr .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is juan afara .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , rice vermicelli , beef broth , beef broth , kailan , and fried shallots .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
pacific grove is part of california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . in the united states and his genre is rhythm and blues .
abradab was born in poland .
the runway length of appleton international airport is the runway length of appleton international airport .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella which was built by costa crociere who are located in rostock and owned by aida cruises .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
1097 vicia has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2016 . its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner ' s genre is ambient metal .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
agustin barboza is an exponent of music .
the audi a1 was founded by august horch and makes the audi e - tron . audi a1 is a division of audi which was founded by august horch .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and is 178 . 0 cm tall . he plays for fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band which originated from blues music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music which originated from country music .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was 1998 - 03 - 16 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark where the marriott is a tenant of ac hotel which was founded in washington dc . the marriott is the tenant of ac hotel is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
aenir was written by garth nix and was written in english .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
aleksandr chumakov was born in russia , where the leader is , aleksandr chumakov died in russia .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . frank borman was a commander in british hong kong .
batagor is a variation of the indonesian dish which is led by joko widodo . batagor is a variation of the same dish that contains peanut sauce .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and steven t . seagle .
luciano spalletti plays for virtus calcio .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . house of connecticut ' s mayor of connecticut and fought in the us army .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and plastik mak .
aleksandra kovač was born in 1972 .
afc ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 2060 - 0 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield fc and is the manager of afc blackpool .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and real madrid castilla .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
elliot see died in st . louis .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the english language is spoken .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 2 ,
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and performs ambient music .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . auburn is part of the county seat of alabama .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where the leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
john cowper powys wrote a glastonbury romance .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and is married to casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 7 .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of france .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson is a leader in london , the european parliament .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s youth football club is fc spartak moscow and he played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the united states air force fought in 1986 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has a magistrate government .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
abdulsalami abubakar was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria and was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background as a solo singer .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . semin . hambg . it has the issn number of abh . univ . hambg .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena county and is 210 metres above sea level .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi , played for fc karpaty lviv and fc karpaty lviv .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was awarded the cross of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the abbreviated to aip adv .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . in the united states and his genre is rhythm and blues .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and is now retired .
attica , indiana is located at the sea level .
batchoy comes from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , chicken , shrimp and beef .
allan shivers started his career on july 21 , 1907 .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and her musical genre is the bodhran , autoharp .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
bananaman starred graeme garden and starred in bananaman .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool and has 1500 members .
alex plante , whose height is anyang halla , was born in manitoba , has played for anyang halla .
roy d . chapin jr is a key person at american motors which was manufactured by american motors .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international hotel .
batagor is a food found in china .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy where pietro grasso is the capital and sergio mattarella are leaders .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to the record label floating world records .
aenir , written by garth nix , has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and an isbn number of 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 with frank borman as a backup pilot and frank borman as a crew member of apollo 8 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and land - grant universities . it is located in the state of new york .
the a - rosa luna is powered by rolls - rosa luna which is powered by rolls - royce power systems .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is esteghlal ahvaz f . c .
a severed wasp was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , greece , worked as a member of the parliament of parliament .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the capital and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , san sebastián de los reyes , spain .
alex day started performing in 2006 and plays acoustic music . he is associated with the chameleon circuit and charlie mc donnell .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a v12 engine . 8 millimetres long .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana .
the antares rocket was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
andrew white , who started his career in 2003 , is a member of the band kaiser chiefs . he plays alternative rock and is associated with marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states and published a loyal character dancer .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where washington dc is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway name is " 05 / 24 " .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in singapore .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it was succeeded by the alvis car and engineering company of the alvis car .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil and their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was vice president of the nigerian air force , was vice president of the nigerian air force .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 125800 .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is matador .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , owned by charles hardwick , is located in adare manor .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on the 1st january 1989 and plays for crewe alexandra fc and currently plays for the scotland national under 21 football team .
the audi a1 was founded by august horch and makes the audi e - tron . audi a1 is a division of audi which was founded by august horch .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . it is governed by the all india council for technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . the all india council for technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is led by artur rasizade .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for blackpool .
madrid is in spain .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , worked as the deputy for the deputy for popular orthodox rally .
barny cakes come from france where manuel valls is the leader and claude bartolone are leaders .
mark rutte is a leader in the netherlands , where agnes kant worked as a parliamentary group .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 6 and an oclc number of 0 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to the fiat croma .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , italy .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the alternative name for the black pirate is the black pirate .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
ben urich ' s full name is ben urich .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in connecticut and was a member of the united states .
107 camilla , discovered by c . 05 days , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin , who was born in the republic of ireland , where augustus pugin was the leader and is the architect of westminster .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella and sergio mattarella are leaders .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the port authority of new jersey is served by the port authority of new jersey .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
alan bean is from the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
albert jennings fountain served in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with the band kaliber 44 .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
albany is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george johnson who are located in the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and started his career on july 21 , served in world war ii . joseph stalin was a commander in world war ii .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he is a member of the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont , worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
abdul rahman ya ' kub succeeded abdul rahman ya ' kub , was the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 2 , county airport .
elliot see died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b . white , born in bloomington , ohio , was married to agnes ward white , who died in charleston , west virginia and was succeeded by william m o dawson .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
andrew white , who started his career in 2003 , is a member of the band kaiser chiefs . he plays alternative rock and is associated with marry banilow .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is in the national register of historic places .
adisham hall is in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazette ii which was preceded by grantville gazette ii and eric flint .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
barny cakes can be served in 30 . 0 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is mario botta .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of flowering plants and belongs to the order poales .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 millimetres .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
aenir , written by garth nix , has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and an isbn number of 0 .
john cowper powys wrote a glastonbury romance .
the largest city in oregon is the state .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international hotel .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who performs the bodhran , plays the bodhran , autoharp and uses the autoharp . afrobeat is a derivative of jazz music which originated from the blues and is a fusion genre afrobeat .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and is 507 metres above sea level .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala state of kerala , india . kochi is the leader of kerala .
ferencvarosi tc is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car with a front - wheel and all - wheel and all - wheel and all - wheel drive .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
airey neave started his career on march 4th 1974 and ended his career on march 4th 1974 .
american buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , a leader of the city of the country .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is comparable to the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
pop musician aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . disco is a fusion of pop music .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , shrimp , shrimp , shrimp and beef .
the municipality of mendrisio is the municipality of mendrisio .
ben urich ' s full name is ben urich .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids .
solo singer ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread , bacon butty , bacon butty , bacon butty , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
elliot see died in st . louis .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell , performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 44 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the alco rs - 3 was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is elizabeth ii .
barny cakes come from france where manuel valls is the leader and claude bartolone are leaders .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 with an m . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers and is owned by the samuda brothers . it is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish .
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
the acharya institute of technology was given the all india council for technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for fc dallas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , san sebastián de los reyes , spain .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast of adams county , maryland . adams county is to the southeast of adams county and to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of pakistan is the location of allama iqbal international airport .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport has the icao location identifier of 17 l / 35 r and is 546 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in london .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where english is spoken and the leader is called the president . asian americans are an ethnic group in great britain .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . the chairman is antonis e dimitra efxeinoupolis club .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
marv wolfman won the inkpot award .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on july 13 , 2014 .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
agr is the icao location identifier for agra airport which is located in india . the airport ' s icao location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich , which is a variation of blt .
indonesian is spoken in indonesia .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin , who was born in the republic of ireland , where augustus pugin was the leader and is the architect of westminster .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and his record label is ace wilder .
agnes kant ' s currency is the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
adam maher , who was born in the netherlands , plays for az alkmaar and is connected to the az alkmaar club .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan , a leader of the city of the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country led by anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . a . a . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1957 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in shirley , derbyshire .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the vietnamese .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
live nation entertainment is located in california .
barny cakes come from france where manuel valls is the leader and claude bartolone are leaders .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the lccn number 60040714 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 and was selected by nasa in 1962 .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is matador .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states .
infraero is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and land - grant universities . it is located in the state of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the leader is charles michel and one of the languages spoken is german .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the lccn number 83646315 .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is trenton .
aaron turner is a singer in the band isis and performs ambient music . he is a member of the band isis .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and real zaragoza .
john wiley - blackwell is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the journal addiction which has the issn number 93645978 .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay fc .
the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu .
andra is a singer who is a singer associated with the singer andra , who performs dance - pop music .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . frank borman was a commander in british hong kong .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil and their ground is the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield which is located in frederick , maryland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
albert b . white started his career on march 4 , 1901 and ended on march 4th 1905 .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
infraero is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
109 felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where anandiben patel is a leader .
1097 vicia , formerly known as 1928 rq , has an epoch date of 31 december 2016 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to shanachie records .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert goscinny and the french national , albert goscinny .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and his record label is ace wilder .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax n . v . v .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 with a sc .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 season in greece .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on the 1st january 1989 and plays for crewe alexandra fc and currently plays for the scotland national under 21 football team .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , worked as the deputy for the deputy for popular orthodox rally .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of architecture .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont , worked as the secretary of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of colombia and is a member of the rutaceae family .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 - 03 - 03 .
the amc matador is a mid - size car with a straight - size car with a straight - 6 engine and is assembled in marysville , wisconsin .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in hip hop music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is thomas lokke rasmussen .
michele marcolini has been the manager of a . c . lumezzane , who plays for vicenza calcio and is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
the alv x - 1 is 1 . 524 metres in diameter .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth club and he played for central espanol youth club and us citta di palermo .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , new england and used to play for the new england patriots .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in illinois . the power type of the aid aluna is the caterpillar inc . engine .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub , abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the english language is spoken in canada .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county is to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 to become a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) is attached to the manager of ac chievo verona and manages ac chievo verona and plays for carrarese calcio .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher are leaders .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with marius moga and marius moga .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and land - grant universities .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office in the united states .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the battle of baku is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku , the battle of baku .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil and their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) is attached to the manager of ac chievo verona and manages ac chievo verona and plays for carrarese calcio .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label stanyan records and london based deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan , where the leader is anderson .
the bacon sandwiches are also known as a bacon butty , bacon butty , bacon sandwich , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffin .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and the english language is spoken .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their home ground is the olympic stadium .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . its former name is 1202 . 846 days and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the leader of jalisco is the jalisco leader .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in shirley , derbyshire .
the celestial body known as 11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 kelvins .
the people of denmark are known as the people .
the address of akita museum of art is " 3 - 4 - 4 " .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the country ' s leader is the location of neptun werft .
the alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a runway made from poaceae . 0 in length .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
polydor records is located in london .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . a . livorno calcio s . a . a .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and banana as a main ingredient .
michigan is in the united states .
aleksandra kovač ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
akeem priestley ' s club is connecticut huskies .
batagor is a variation of the indonesian dish that contains peanut sauce . the leader of indonesia is joko widodo and shumai .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia .
abel hernandez , who played for hull city afc , is a member of the uruguayan primera division . he is a member of the uruguayan primera division of peñarol .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the battle of baku . the country is led by artur rasizade and its capital city is baku .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county is to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas in the united states . austin is the largest city in texas and the capital is fort worth .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and plastik mak .
a loyal character dancer is published in english which is in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
al anderson , who was born in windsor , connecticut , began his career in 1966 , was a member of the wildweeds . he is a member of the nrbq band .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
andrew rayel is associated with armin van buuren and armin van buuren .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan has an ethnic group of chinese people .
the english language is spoken in canada .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the japanese occupation of sarawak , lives in sarawak , was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was succeeded by adenan satem .
the issn number for acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong on the 1st of september 1969 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as a backup pilot .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in kaduna , studied at the defence staff , studied at the defence staff in nigeria .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is part of the rosaceae family and is part of the solanaceae family .
aenir was written by garth nix and was written in english .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral of the argentine navy , and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
10 hygiea , formerly known as 10 hygiea , has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , plays for the italy national under 17 football team and is connected to uc sampdoria .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell tart .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the isbn number 0 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the labour party is the leader .
angola , indiana is located at 159 . 0 above sea level .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 , died in california , was operated by dianne feinstein .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a ship beam of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in singapore .
the a - rosa luna is powered by rolls - rosa luna which is powered by rolls - royce power systems .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in london .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
walter baade , born in the german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and allan sandage .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the language spoken is english .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george johnson who are located in the united states .
andra is a singer who is a singer associated with the singer andra , who performs dance - pop music .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport serves the city of alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1 / 19 and a length of 2744 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 6 . 6 kilograms per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where juha sipila is a leader and the people are known as finns .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and plays rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson is a leader in london , the european parliament .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
the stylistic origin of hip hop music is funk .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in connecticut and was a member of the united states .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and is now retired .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
arabic is a language spoken in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . he is signed to rca records .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with ciro moraes .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and the italian language is spoken .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . performing kilometres per second .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the leader of amsterdam is sheldon van der universität van der universität .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a population density of 347 . 1 inhabitants per sq km . it has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per sq km . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . austrian german is the language spoken in austria , where doris bures is a leader .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and a v6 engine .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . montevideo is led by daniel martinez and the politician daniel martinez .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 135589000 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 december 2016 .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport serves the city of alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1 / 19 and a length of 2744 . 0 .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is thomas lokke rasmussen .
agustin barboza is an exponent of music .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara . the currency is the president of turkey ' s name is the turkish lira and the turkish lira .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and manages a . roma .
binignit is a dish from the region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related to the aston martin dbs . the aston martin v8 , and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero , who was born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of king juan carlos i of spain , was prime minister . juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and where african americans are an ethnic group .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 54 square kilometres .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . cesena .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , arepa , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with marius moga and marius moga .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albennie jones is a rhythm and blues performer of which disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
addis ababa city hall began in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) and a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow are kway teow , dark beans , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has an academic staff of 250 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast of adams county , maryland .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background as a solo singer .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
augustus pugin , born in adare manor , was designed by augustus pugin .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band galactic and billy iuso .
alex day started performing in 2006 and plays acoustic music . he is associated with the chameleon circuit and charlie mc donnell .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and comes from the philippines .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a population density of 783 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens , greece and they have 69618 members .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was built by the american locomotive company which is 17068 . 8 millimetres in the u . s .
a . c . chievo verona , italy has 39371 members .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 and was selected by nasa in 1962 .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and they speak spanish .
county limerick is part of munster .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 33 .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay fc .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire was president .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and jonathan mendelsohn .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
caterpillar inc . was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . it is owned by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . engine and is located in peoria , illinois .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in the united kingdom , where the labour party is the leader . he died in sidcup , london .
107 camilla , discovered by c . 05 days , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and real zaragoza .
adare manor is located in county limerick , county limerick and county limerick .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala state of kerala , india . kochi is the leader of kerala .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
walter baade , a german national , discovered 1036 ganymed .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and gary cohn .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
barny cakes can be served in 30 . 0 .
john van den brom is in the netherlands national football team and manages az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for real madrid and real madrid castilla .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the atatürk monument is located . the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english is spoken in great britain .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala state of kerala , india . kochi is the leader of kerala .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the atatürk monument is located . the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in indonesia .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where washington dc is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
alex plante , who was born in 1989 in canada , has played for the club anyang halla and has played for anyang halla .
black metal musician aaron turner played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , union in indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and land - grant universities .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where anandiben patel is a leader .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . austrian german is the language spoken in austria , where doris bures is a leader .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital city is kuala lumpur and the leader is asam pedas .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
the novel castle is written in english .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar conference grounds of asilomar state beach .
ace wilder was born in sweden and performs hip hop music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music and bass .
indian people live in india .
