akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he used to play for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aleksandra kovač is an artist for the band k2 and her musical genre is soul music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1104 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and chinese filipino are ethnic groups . the country include the ilocano and chinese filipino .
azal pfk is located in azerbaijan .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , england .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc lokomotive leipzig . he played for sv babelsberg 03 and now plays for sv babelsberg 03 .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a subsidiary known as audi a1 .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny . fc terek grozny is managed by rashid rakhimov .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is the location of agra airport which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on july 11th , 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach was born and died in graz .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is candombe .
angola , indiana is located in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque is located in new mexico , in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 metres and its final flight was on the 31st of august 2004 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in nigeria .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
viking press is located in the united states .
akeem priestley ' s club is harbour view fc and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of new netherland .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais which is owned by jean - michel .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician . jazz has its stylistic origins in the blues and funk is a derivative of jazz .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 and august 1956 .
aaron deer is from indiana in the united states .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of fredericksburg .
albert b . white started his career on march 4th 1905 and ended it on march 4th 1905 . he was married to agnes ward white .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is in gubbio 1910 .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical fc based at new douglas park .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
marv wolfman is an american .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its capital is bucharest .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and with tab benoit .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in baku , azerbaijan .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in peoria , illinois .
300 north la salle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . atlantic city is part of new jersey .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . beef kway teow contains sesame oil .
agnes ward white was born in hessisch , ohio .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the largest city is new york . the country is the location of atlantic city , part of new jersey .
columbus blue jackets are based in the city of columbus , ohio .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and is the manager of afc fylde . he has also played for stockport county f . c .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
sheldon moldoff is the alternative name for the black pirate .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi and the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . aleksandre guruli also plays for fc dinamo batumi , whose manager is jean - michel karpaty lviv .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
marv wolfman is an american .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is spoken there .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . the ram rebellion was written in english language spoken in great britain .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states or china . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and the lotus eaters . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . it is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the bands twilight and twilight .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the vietnamese .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found .
andrew white ' s musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert and a cookie is also a type of dessert .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and was involved in gulf war battles . he was a commander in the gulf war , where adam holloway fought in the gulf war .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . rock and roll originated from blues music .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and has represented the club u . c . sampdoria and plays for the italian national under 17 football team .
the alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where airey neave fought .
caterpillar inc . was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the power type of the aid aluna is the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and the lotus eaters . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
as roma ' s manager is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli f . c .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for genoa c . f . c . and now manages a . s . livorno calcio .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader of germany is neptun werft .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and was a politician .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
one of the languages spoken in canada is french .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in the united states , is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 13 / 31 and has a length of 1873 . 0 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and was a politician .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow . his club is fc kuban krasnodar and he previously played for fc spartak moscow .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and the length is 3 , 500 . 88 .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
caterpillar inc . was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the power type of the aid aluna is the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
alaa abdul zahra , who plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team , formerly played for al kharaitiyat sc and the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader of the community of madrid is the people ' s party .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi and fc dinamo batumi .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 55 square kilometres .
aaron deer is signed to the record label indie rock .
the comic book character ben urich was created by gene colan and gene colan .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 15 football team .
11264 claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where houston is the largest city . houston is the county seat of williamson county .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alexandria , indiana is located in madison , indiana . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 524 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states and one of the ethnic groups there is african americans .
brooklyn is part of new york city .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
alison o ' donnell plays folk rock music and is signed to deram records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
10 hygiea , which has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c . and has also played for blackpool f . c . blackpool , whose ground is in blackpool .
andra is a solo singer whose musical genre is dance - pop . she was born in romania in 1986 .
alan shepard was a test pilot who was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy . the department of commerce gold medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california is found in california .
200 public square in the united states has a floor count of 45 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 02 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
tennessee titans are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder is a solo singer and songwriter .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
107 camilla was discovered by n r pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
agnes ward white is married to agnes ward white .
houston is the largest city in texas , where spanish is spoken . austin is the county seat of williamson county and houston is the largest city .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is assembled in argentina and has a ship beam of 24 . 4 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , austria and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where italian is spoken .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and was discovered by james craig watson . he died in madison , wisconsin .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell on behalf of the addiction journal .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s alma mater was the technical institute kaduna and he was born in abdulsalami abubakar .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in argentina , where juan peron was in office while juan peron was president .
acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for acm transactions on information systems and is published by alexander l . wolf . wolf .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
shumai is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
aaron boogaard ' s club is wichita thunder and he was born in saskatchewan .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 . its epoch is 31 december 2006 .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar . he previously played for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
ferencvarosi tc is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
the architect of adare manor , designed by philip pain , was philip pain and completed in 1862 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the largest city in new jersey is newark and the state ' s largest city is newark .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 metres and its final flight was on the 31st of august 2004 .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
aleksandra kovac was born in serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer whose genre is rhythm and blues .
agnes ward white is married to agnes ward white .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia , where the leader is valery petrakov .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a straight - four engine .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and the language spoken is american english .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 and its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is neptun werft who are located in rostock .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who originated from blues music .
allen forrest was born 1981 - 05 - 05 .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book comes from the united states .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy minister for development and democracy and democracy .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , united states and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the united states air force fought in the korean war .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of washington dc . 8 inhabitants per sq km .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . the dish is also found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the bands twilight and twilight .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country led by narendra modi .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . and has represented the club kv mechelen .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type . it is owned by the p & o company located in london and has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover co .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where asian canadians are an ethnic group and the leader is elizabeth ii .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists such as armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , christian burns , jwaydan moyine , alexander popov , alexandre rose , sylvia yin , sylvia yin , sylvia yin , lira yin and alexandra yin .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia and is a variation of shumai . shumai is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and is led by joko widodo .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which is led by birmingham city council .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and his genre is country music which was once a member of the wildweeds .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and the lotus eaters . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
wheel horse is a subsidiary of american motors which makes the amc matador . roy d . oberhelman is a key person at american motors which was acquired by chrysler and was succeeded by eagle .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
alan martin is a footballer for the scotland national under 19 football team .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and matteo renzi and sergio mattarella .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is led by frank g jackson .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
adare manor is located in adare which is part of munster county limerick and county limerick .
albany is part of oregon , in the united states .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s birth place was nigeria .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called sandesh .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are called texans .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
rolando maran plays for calcio catania .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , french guiana .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by montreal locomotive works .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow and the musical artist , marry banilow .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in nigeria and attended the technical institute kaduna state . he worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and is published in hardcover .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he served as a test pilot and became a crew member on apollo 12 . he retired .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . it has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
n r pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of adare manor .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron turner ' s musical genre is ambient metal .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish from france and new york .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
iraq is the country of iraq .
singer aaron turner is a singer who has previously played with the bands isis and isis .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag . the airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag .
bionico is a dessert which contains raisins .
the atlas ii , originates from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
arlington , texas is located in texas and has a population density of 140 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area of arlington , texas is located at tarrant county . 0 above sea level .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 0 . it was written by j . jones and is available in hardcover .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken . the native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the native americans .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
the alma mater of adam holloway is magdalene college cambridge .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and produced in print .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital city is austin .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
noodles are an ingredient of batchoy .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , who was succeeded by daniel gould fowle .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its sounds from hip hop music .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues singer who began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sago and sweet potatoes .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county , maryland is carroll county , maryland .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , french guiana . it is located in kourou , french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for a . s . s . d . s . cesena .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc and starred jill shilling .
auburn is part of king county in washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
abner was born in abner .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington d . c . and john roberts is a leader . the president of the united states and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
aleksander barkov jr ' s club is the florida panthers and he was born in tampere , 1995 - 09 - 02 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is spoken there .
angola , indiana is located in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
indie rock has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . s . roma club and played for the italian national under 16 football team which is coached by sinisa mihajlovic .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom which is led by elizabeth ii and has the capital city of london . the leader of the united kingdom is known as the parliament of the united kingdom .
aaron turner is a singer and performer of post - metal music .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and was discovered by james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a subsidiary known as audi a1 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and led by the new mexico house of representatives .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in stockholm . he has a background as a solo singer .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is located in al khor .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen was 3 xn and has 23 floors . 3 xn .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow . his club is fc kuban krasnodar and he previously played for fc spartak moscow .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is led by the labour party ( uk ) and the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
black metal musician aaron turner was born in the united states and began performing in 1995 . he is a musician in the lotus eaters band and his genre is black metal .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . national football team .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 .
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to wolf solent which was written by john cowper powys .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states or china . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
addiction is the parent company of addiction .
general dynamics electric boat built the american submarine nr - 1 which is built by general dynamics electric boat .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league in the 2014 - 2015 season .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
marv wolfman is the creator of marv wolfman and he was created by marv wolfman .
alan shepard is deceased and served as a test pilot .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin . he was a member of the connecticut house of representatives .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in print form . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 2 .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
albennie jones is a performer of rhythm and blues .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s birth place is 1989 - 02 - 24 .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients of the bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor took place during the american civil war .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader of germany is neptun werft .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 7 kgs .
alberto teisaire was a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which is the sequel to aenir .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london . he is a musician signed to polydor records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman .
maccabi tel aviv b . c . is the coach of maccabi tel aviv b .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by daniel gould fowle .
amsterdam - barajas airport is located in amsterdam , where the leader is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eric flint was born in burbank california .
bionico is a food found in mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is also a variation of dessert and the dish bionico .
10 hygiea has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
alison o ' donnell , who was a member of the flibbertigibbet band , was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , who was succeeded by daniel gould fowle .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has a runway length of 3 , 88 . 88 .
andra is a singer whose musical genre is dance - pop , is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musical artist marius moga .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music .
amarillo is part of randall county in texas .
pop singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the democratic party in the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the runway name is 7 / 29 and it has a length of 2744 . 0 .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla . he died in chennai and has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station . it has a diameter of 3 . 04 metres and its final flight was on the 31st of august 2004 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of greece are nikos voutsis and nikos voutsis .
a severed wasp was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 57392246 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the a - rosa luna was completed on april 6th 2005 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan and the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . cesena and plays for a . s . s . d . s . s . cesena .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . the character is a character that stars ryan potter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan .
atlanta is the home city of atlanta .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky and raised in dothan , al . hip hop has its origins in disco and disco .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california and is led by the california state assembly . the english language is spoken in california which is part of the san francisco bay area .
the nationality of peter stoger is united states .
angola , indiana is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s inhabitants are known as americans .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and the country is the location of albany .
a loyal character dancer is published in english , a language spoken in great britain . it is published in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , new york , united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in kuching . he was succeeded by adenan satem and was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and is published in hardcover .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language spoken is english .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in world war ii . he was involved in world war ii and ended it on 30th march 1979 .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in arese .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the 27th , 1932 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax hp .
english is the language of the united states .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical fc based at new douglas park .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al asad airbase is found in iraq where the spoken language is arabic .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for the uruguay national football team . his club is us citta di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the coden code " aip adv " .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of greece are nikos voutsis and nikos voutsis .
bhajji is from india where the indian people live .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the italian language is spoken in italy and the country is italian . s . gubbio 1910 are the ground of as gubbio 1910 .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where the leader is rahm emanuel .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and played with the band kaliber 44 .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for carrarese calcio . he has also managed ac chievo verona .
adam koc was involved in battles in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in that war .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of new netherland . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan .
alpharetta is part of georgia , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax .
marv wolfman is the creator of marv wolfman and he was created by marv wolfman .
airey neave began his career on 30th march 1979 and fought in the battle of france .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . the language of the us is english and the language spoken there is english .
tomato is an ingredient of tomato .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra and sumatra .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president and the african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington dc and the country is also the location of 1634 the ram rebellion .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway name is 18 / 36 l .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . which is coached by , maccabi tel aviv b . c .
abner was born in abner .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s musical genre is candombe .
baked alaska is a dish from france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . french is the national language of france and gerard larcher is spoken there .
houston is the largest city in texas , where spanish is spoken . austin is the county seat of williamson county and houston is the largest city .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
andrew white plays alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is popular all over indonesia . it contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and was designed by the architectural company populous .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
the alv x - 1 has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the capital city is kuala lumpur . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and have different names including bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon barm and bacon muffin .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in stockholm . he has a background as a solo singer .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave , who began his career on 30th march 1979 , fought in world war ii and ended it on 30th march 1979 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched from ela - 3 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow and the musical artist , marry banilow .
pop musician aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 . disco is a fusion of pop music which is a fusion of pop music .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
john f . kennedy ' s successor was donald j . irwin .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th september 1987 . he used to play for the atlanta falcons .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
asilomar conference grounds are located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california .
aleksandra kovac was born in serbia .
antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 sq km and a total area of 75 . km .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
akeem adams has played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he now plays for ferencvarosi tc , where thomas doll is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club who play in palo seco .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
aip advances is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the u . s . and his alma mater is harvard university .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . s . cesena and has been the manager of a c cesena .
connecticut born alfred n phillips served in the united states army and fought in the spanish - american war . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
the amc matador has a straight - 6 engine and is assembled in thames , wisconsin . it is a mid - size car with an amc straight - 6 engine .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a v6 engine and a front - wheel drive .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and hilmi guner and hilmi guner . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , usa . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . david scott was the backup pilot . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 , which was alfred worden .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 139705000 . 0 .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
houston is the largest city in texas , where english is spoken . austin is the county seat of williamson county and houston is the largest city .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is assembled in argentina and has a ship beam of 24 . 4 .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , celery , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war and use the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and has its stylistic origins in funk and funk .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and has its stylistic origins in folk music .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party . he worked as a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . univ . hambg .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
william anders was a us citizen who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 4 .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s birth place was nigeria .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was a member of the greek new democracy party . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the population density of anderson is 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and its total area is 107 . 43 sq km .
noodles are an ingredient of batchoy .
109 felicitas has a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a 5 litre engine .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
de kalb county , georgia is the largest city in de kalb county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
china is the country of china .
elliot see died in st louis .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy where the capital city is rome and the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
germans are the people of germany .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . national football team .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
the comic character bolt was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
allan shivers served in world war ii and was a commander in the war ii .
afc ajax ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is in gubbio 1910 .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the united states .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is also signed to the record label alligator records which is based in the blues label .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
as roma ' s manager is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli f . c .
the amc matador , or american motors matador , has a amc v8 engine and is assembled in thames , new zealand .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
shumai is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and was a politician .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
born in faversham , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the uk and his alma mater is magdalene college cambridge .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
abel hernandez has played for central espanol and now plays for the uruguay national football team . his club is us citta di palermo and he now plays for penarol which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
the native americans are an ethnic group in california .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the alvis speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax hp engine and a 31 . it has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent , centre change lever , open tubular fully floating back axle .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
germans are the people of germany .
singer aaron turner is a singer who has previously played with the bands isis and isis .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , is a member of the soviet union national football team and has played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov and the soviet union national football team .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of fredericksburg .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s birth place is 1989 - 02 - 24 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 1982 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and its length is 2900 . 0 .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
a loyal character dancer is published in english , a language spoken in great britain . it is published in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km and an average speed of 16 . 57 km per sec . it has an average speed of 16 . 57 km per sec .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th september 1987 . he used to play for the atlanta falcons .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the language of finland is the finnish language .
101 helena has an epoch date of 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
christian burns plays the christian burns .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . it has 60 floors .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic book character bolt was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . it was established in 2001 and has a staff of 250 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and written by brandon sanderson .
the alhambra had a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city . houston is the county seat of hays county .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae and it is made of poaceae .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . joseph stalin was a commander in the polish – soviet war , which was preceded by joseph stalin .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax . he has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax .
aleksander barkov jr was born in 1995 - 09 - 02 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is a popular tourist destination in belgium .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team and also for u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini . città di palermo , who play in the uruguayan primera división .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and is a food found in the malay peninsula and malaysia . its main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
the port authority of new york and new jersey operates the atlantic city international airport . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
italian born michele marcolini has played for vicenza calcio and is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . c . bari 1908 and is the manager of ac lumezzane .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 139705000 . 0 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the capital of the u . s . is austin and the largest city is fort worth .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of asilomar conference grounds and other significant buildings including the asilomar state beach , the riverside art museum .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
walter baade , who died in west germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and he died in west germany .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci played for genoa c . f . c .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published . the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the 27th , 1932 .
sumatra is the ethnic group of sumatra .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and died in sycamore , illinois .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . its capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco .
paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . and acf fiorentina .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white who was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white , who was married to agnes ward white .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
arlington is part of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
1089 tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 26 november 2005 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 55 square kilometres .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where airey neave fought .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 347 . 9 sq km and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
agra airport is operated by the airports authority of india and is located in uttar pradesh and its icao location identifier is viag .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia and is a variation of shumai . shumai is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and is led by joko widodo .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc and is the olympic stadium ( athens ) . the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet who played for chelsea fc .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the 3 arena is located at east link bridge and was designed by the architectural company populous .
alex day performs synthpop music .
the ground of clyde f . c . is called accrington .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist who was signed to rabadash records .
109 felicitas has a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located in charleston , virginia .
sandesh is a type of dessert , as is binignit which contains taro .
brooklyn is part of new york city .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and is a food found in the malay peninsula and malaysia . its main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
rock musician anders osborne has worked with voice of the wetlands all - stars and is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of washington dc . 8 inhabitants per sq km .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra and sumatra .
anderson is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana .
andrew white is a musician who started his career in 2003 . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is signed to the record label fiction .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . its main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cubanelle peppers .
the french language is spoken in belgium .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and gerard larcher .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 and the saab 9000 .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia , where the leader is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s birth place is 1989 - 02 - 24 .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the french language is spoken in belgium .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky and raised in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college cambridge .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states . the current tenants of the alan b . miller hall are the mason school of business and mary .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states democratic party and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in the united states , is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states which is led by the president . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and english is the language spoken .
the alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in katowice , poland . he played with the band kaliber 44 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where houston is the largest city and houston is the county seat . spanish is spoken in texas .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . rock and roll originated from blues music .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president and the african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington dc and the country is also the location of 1634 the ram rebellion .
austin is part of texas .
arròs negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he has also played for sv werder bremen ii and sv werder bremen ii .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , new york , united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the leader of finland is sauli sipila and the people are known as finns .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut .
pop musician aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 . disco is a fusion of pop music which is a fusion of pop music .
above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital city is rome .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . the country ' s leader is sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
andra is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music and was born in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . they play in the 2014 season and have 1500 members .
angola , indiana is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s inhabitants are known as americans .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin . he was a member of the connecticut house of representatives .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and married to casey ribicoff .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the christian burns .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and gerard larcher .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is led by frank g jackson .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a straight - four engine .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . the country ' s leader is margrethe ii and the language spoken is german .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the largest city in new jersey is newark and the state ' s largest city is newark .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is asterix , who was french national and he is also the creator of the comic character asterix .
the architect of the 320 south boston building , designed by the united states air force .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns . trance has its origins in house music and house music .
as roma ' s manager is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli f . c .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 7 kgs .
adam holloway was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college cambridge .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc whose manager is steve davis . he has also played for hull city afc and the uruguay national football team .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " and they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 - 2015 season .
bakewell tart originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire where patrick mc loughlin is a leader . the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which includes frangipane .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for acm transactions on information systems and is published by alexander l . wolf . wolf .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
airey neave was lieutenant colonel in the confederate states army .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 2 sq km and its population density is 1142 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives which is led by emile roemer .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena and is 210 metres above sea level .
there are 34 floors at 20 fenchurch street which has a floor area of 30843 . 3 square metres .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
adam koc was involved in battles in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in that war .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc which is located in london . the bbc is the home ground of the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 .
alberto teisaire was a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
abner w sibal , who retired 03 / 04 / 1921 .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was in the nigerian air force , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war in which jefferson davis was a commander . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university press .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is nawaz sharif .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka . the leader of the eastern province is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group of chinese people .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and was operated by nasa .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he was number 39 in the draft pick .
the aid astella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length , had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per sec .
the seat ibiza is related to the audi a1 .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz .
airey neave began his career on 30th march 1979 and fought in the battle of france .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 8 .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and is in the netherlands national football team . he also manages az alkmaar .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the church of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called sandesh .
the de soto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s cesena and is attached to the club calcio catania .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located at jinnah international airport .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed manual transmission .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c . and has also played for blackpool f . c . blackpool , whose ground is in blackpool .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 17 football team and also real madrid castilla who are managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and has a length of 2777 . 0 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where english is spoken and where barack obama is the leader . the president of the united states is the united states .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who was once signed to deram records which is based in london . funk is a derivative of jazz .
michele marcolini was born in italy and is attached to the club torino fc and has been manager of ac lumezzane . he plays for torino fc .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc and they play in the superleague greece .
ace wilder is an exponent of hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which is derived from hip hop music .
a loyal character dancer is in print and was written by qiu xiaolong .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
neptun werft ' s leader is sauli .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of 1500 members .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat .
universal music is the home of the company entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment .
james craig watson ' s alma mater was the university of michigan .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and led by the new mexico house of representatives .
the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue is architecture .
107 camilla was discovered by n r pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc whose manager is steve davis . he has also played for hull city afc and the uruguay national football team .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states or hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany is part of oregon , in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . the leader of the country is pietro grasso and italian is the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , where the labour party is in the majority .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . sauli sipila and juha sipila are leaders in finland .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi and fc dinamo batumi .
the aid astella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length , had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf and studied at the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in gottingen .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its origins in disco and new wave music .
the county seat of washtenaw county is part of the u . s .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and have different names including bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon barm and bacon muffin .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 0 . it was written by j . jones and is available in hardcover .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team . he has also been manager of a d . isidro metapan .
daniel gould fowle was the successor to alfred moore scales , who was succeeded by daniel gould fowle .
al anderson of nrbq plays country music and his genre is country music .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its sounds from hip hop music .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was founded in turin .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states democratic party and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she was also a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert and a cookie is also a type of dessert .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , where the labour party is in the majority .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
viking press is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are called texans .
addis ababa city hall , which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) , was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he was number 39 in the draft pick .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich and contains tomato .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for the uruguay national football team . his club is us citta di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
manchester is part of manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township which is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff of 737 . it is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played with the bands twilight and greymachine . he performs for house of low culture .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the grounds of asilomar conference .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and where a severed wasp was written .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 17 football team and also real madrid castilla who are managed by luis miguel ramis .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
1089 tama has a temperature of 19 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , fried egg , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredient of binignit are banana and sweet potato ( of the order of solanales ) .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka . the leader of the eastern province is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and leaders are claude bartolone and claude bartolone . barny cakes can be found in france .
abel hernandez has played for central espanol and now plays for the uruguay national football team . his club is us citta di palermo and he now plays for penarol which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is asterix , who was french national and he is also the creator of the comic character asterix .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
a severed wasp has the isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 374 - 8 " .
allan shivers served in world war ii and was a commander in the war ii .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain and is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and the country is the location of albany .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and studied at the erasmus university rotterdam in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as and is the association of mb as .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of new netherland . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan .
connecticut born abraham a . ribicoff was a member of the democratic party in the united states and died in new york city . he was a member of the connecticut senate .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and led by the new mexico house of representatives .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and his club is fc tom tomsk and he plays for fc tom tomsk .
the american submarine nr - 1 , built by general dynamics electric boat , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and was designed by the architectural company populous .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is popular all over indonesia . it contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 13 / 31 and has a length of 1873 . 0 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and produced in print .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school has a magistrate of business and social sciences at the aarhus university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is a leader .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and its capital is london .
afc blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool , where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) and they have had stuart parker as their manager . the club is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) .
alison o ' donnell plays folk rock music and is signed to deram records .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . the leader of kerala is kochi .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and studied at the erasmus university rotterdam in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as and is the association of mb as .
the architect of the 320 south boston building , which was completed in 1929 , united states .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny . fc terek grozny is managed by rashid rakhimov .
aek athens fc are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea fc and used to play for chelsea fc .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2014 and its final flight was on april 21st 2013 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the capital of italy is rome .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar . he previously played for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
marv wolfman is an american .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college cambridge .
operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in disco and disco .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s alma mater was the technical institute kaduna and he was born in abdulsalami abubakar .
the a - rosa luna was completed on april 6th 2005 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
ernie colon and ernie colon are among the creators of the comic character bolt . he was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is spoken there .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular food of singapore .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and where a severed wasp was written .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 season and has 1500 members .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny . fc terek grozny is managed by rashid rakhimov .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo who ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and english is spoken there .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was succeeded by william m . o . dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans and he made his debut for the st . louis rams .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and served in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
allen forrest was born 1981 - 05 - 05 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and was discovered by james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns . trance has its origins in house music and house music .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and is in the netherlands national football team . he also manages az alkmaar .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played football for hamilton academical fc and currently for hamilton academical fc .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in kuching . he was succeeded by adenan satem and was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 . it has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - where the book is 0 - 7156 - 6 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for a . s . s . d . s . cesena .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
aaron deer is signed to the record label indie rock .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
afonso pena international airport , located in sao jose dos pinhais , is operated by infraero and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in stockholm . he has a background as a solo singer .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
michele marcolini plays for torino b . c .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
agnes ward white was born in hessisch , ohio .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae and it is made of poaceae .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he discovered 103 hera .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and his musical genre is psychedelic music .
alfred n . phillips worked at the united states house of representatives .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s cesena and is attached to the club calcio catania .
akron summit assault played for the club akron summit assault .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , is a member of the soviet union national football team and has played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov and the soviet union national football team .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
arròs negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 9 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and operated by afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
madrid is located in spain .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and has its stylistic origins in funk and funk .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he now playing for united petrotrin f . c .
aaron turner is a singer whose musical genre is black metal which is a musical fusion of black metal .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 is operated by the united states air force who fought in the korean war and use the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
maccabi tel aviv b . c . is the coach of maccabi tel aviv b .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the book was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a similar means of transport to the saab 9000 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
bionico is a food found in mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is also where the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located in charleston , virginia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and can be found in akita , akita prefecture .
alfred moore scales came from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the country is the location of the battle of chancellorsville , part of the american civil war conflict , where alfred moore scales was at the battle of chancellorsville .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township which is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school has a magistrate of business and social sciences at the aarhus university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - unique records which is located in london . he plays alternative rock music which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
ice cream is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish that can be served as a dessert .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b . miller hall , which was completed on june 1st , 2009 and is located in virginia , united states .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 , a total area of 131 . 6 sq km and a utc offset of - 8 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
bionico is found in the region of jalisco .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the italian language is spoken in italy and the country is italian . s . gubbio 1910 are the ground of as gubbio 1910 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician . jazz has its stylistic origins in the blues and funk is a derivative of jazz .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the institute of paleobiology , polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 60040714 - 2421 .
american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university press .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was a member of the greek new democracy party . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
aaron turner is a singer and performer of post - metal music .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
airbus defence and space is the parent company of asteroids .
the american journal of mathematics is also known as am . j . math .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian felicitas .
akeem priestley ' s club is ferencvarosi tc which is in the qatar stars league .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is indianapolis .
the chicken is an indonesian dish consisting of chicken cooked in banana leaf with coconut milk and spices .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located at jinnah international airport .
ice cream is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish that can be served as a dessert .
alfons gorbach died in graz .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and the length is 3 , 500 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and with tab benoit .
the county seat of washtenaw county is part of the u . s .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican rupiah .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical fc based at new douglas park .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves abilene , texas . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and its length is 546 . 0 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the chicken is an indonesian dish consisting of chicken cooked in banana leaf with coconut milk and spices .
james craig watson ' s alma mater was the university of michigan .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle . c - 15 eagle .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
colombian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , bandeja paisa .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and his genre is country music which was once a member of the wildweeds .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which aaron turner plays the electric guitar . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and its capital is london .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is anyang halla .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has an issn number of 60040714 - 2421 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 and the saab 9000 .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . binignit is a type of dessert .
baymax is a character created by steven t . seagle and the american duncan rouleau . the character was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace and located at the guiana space centre .
addis ababa city hall , which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) , was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
bhajji is from india where the indian people live .
akron , summit county , ohio is located in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s capital is washington dc .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , french guiana . it is located in kourou , french guiana .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city . houston is the county seat of hays county .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where americans live and where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce made with chili pepper .
columbus blue jackets are based in the city of columbus , ohio .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is published by sage publications . it has an issn number of 0001 - 8392 and an lccn number of 57059226 .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and with tab benoit .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is esteghlal ahvaz f . c . and he plays for al shorta sc .
tim brooke - taylor was born in england and starred in bananaman .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and operated by afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
ground beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and eric flint .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a 5 litre engine .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 .
the united states house of representatives is located in the u . s .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " and they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 - 2015 season .
jens härtel is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club and has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg . he plays for sv babelsberg 03 and is also part of the sv babelsberg 03 club .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba iulia , romania . its capital is bucharest .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . the character was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and arabic is spoken there .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the leader of kerala is kochi .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under 17 football team and is connected to the az alkmaar club .
the alma mater of adam holloway is magdalene college cambridge .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with bobina and christian burns .
adam holloway was born in faversham .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where asian canadians are an ethnic group and the leader is elizabeth ii .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa where david scott was the backup pilot . alfred worden was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
akeem priestley ' s club is ferencvarosi tc which is in the qatar stars league .
maccabi tel aviv b . c . is the coach of maccabi tel aviv b .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital city is rome .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the city of mendrisio .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish from france and new york .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the justicialist party and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft fighter aircraft .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 55 square kilometres .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of the state of vermont .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and its dean is lars lokke rasmussen .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and died in sycamore , illinois .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode as one of its leaders .
chicago ' s location is chicago .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was in the nigerian navy , whose successor was oladipo diya . mike akhigbe was oladipo diya .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 846 km per sec .
al anderson , a singer , performs rock music and is a member of the wildweeds .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
attica , indiana has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 4 . 14 sq km .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and leaders are claude bartolone and claude bartolone . barny cakes can be found in france .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan and the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and are popular in the uk . the blt is a variation of the blt which contains tomato .
the american , peter stöger , was created by peter adsit .
aaron turner is a singer and performer of post - metal music .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow and the musical artist , marry banilow .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
andrew rayel , whose musical genre is trance , is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . which is coached by , maccabi tel aviv b . c .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andra is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music and was born in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a diesel - electric transmission .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup . the leader of london is boris johnson and the european parliament .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
colombian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , bandeja paisa .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
michele marcolini was born in italy and is attached to the club torino fc and has been manager of ac lumezzane . he plays for torino fc .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is indianapolis .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
above the veil is written by garth nix .
tennessee titans are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade who was born in preußisch oldendorf and studied at the university of gottingen .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war , where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of commelinids .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
alessio romagnoli played for the italy national under - 19 football team .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and the country is the location of albany .
bionico is a dessert which contains raisins .
the leader of jalisco is narendra modi .
one of the languages spoken in new york is spanish .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic cm .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken is the marriott international hotel .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
indie rock has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy minister for development and democracy and democracy .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the turkish lira .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al - khor .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
the atlas ii , originates from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the antares rocket is similar to the delta ii , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace and located at the guiana space centre .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi and the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . aleksandre guruli also plays for fc dinamo batumi , whose manager is jean - michel karpaty lviv .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played football for hamilton academical fc and currently for hamilton academical fc .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in the american civil war .
the french language is spoken in belgium .
paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . national football team .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena and is 210 metres above sea level .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the institute of paleobiology , polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 60040714 - 2421 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and died in st louis .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag . the airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , united states , where the leader is henry clay . he was a member of the united states whig party .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
alessio romagnoli plays for the club a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he has also played for a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was in the nigerian navy , whose successor was oladipo diya . mike akhigbe was oladipo diya .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . sauli sipila and juha sipila are leaders in finland .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar . he previously played for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is nawaz sharif .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish comes from the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . cesena and has been the manager of a c cesena .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in sidcup .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1st , 1969 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and eric flint .
10 hygiea , which has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
elliot see died in st louis .
sumatra is the ethnic group of sumatra .
arlington , texas is located in texas and has a population density of 140 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area of arlington , texas is located at tarrant county . 0 above sea level .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is also signed to the record label alligator records which is based in the blues label .
aaron boogaard ' s club is wichita thunder and he was born in saskatchewan .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in disco and disco .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
aaron hunt has played for sv werder bremen and sv werder bremen ii managed by dieter hecking .
adam maher plays for the iraq national under 17 football team .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where english is spoken . the javanese people are an ethnic group from singapore .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs . alternative rock has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
bakewell tart ( or pudding ) originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire where patrick mc loughlin is a leader .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in hessisch , ohio .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 season and has 1500 members .
eric flint was born in burbank california .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the indonesian rupiah is the leader .
the alhambra is also the location of the alhambra .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
alan frew is a performer of rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . which is coached by , maccabi tel aviv b . c .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 sq km .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for los angeles rams and his draft pick is 39 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . its capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 - 2421 .
adam holloway was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college cambridge .
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and roger stern .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , was succeeded by the aston martin virage . the aston martin v8 is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the american journal of mathematics is also known as am . j . math .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - unique records which is located in london . he plays alternative rock music which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the native americans .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 1 . 55 metres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which aaron turner plays the electric guitar . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the 27th , 1932 .
attica , indiana has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 4 . 14 sq km .
the port authority of new york and new jersey operates the atlantic city international airport . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was born in the kingdom of sarawak and his deputy is abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul rahman ya ' kub was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where english is spoken . the javanese people are an ethnic group from singapore .
pop singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
english is the language of great britain .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves abilene , texas . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and its length is 546 . 0 .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , where aek athens fc are previous champions .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the architect of 320 south boston building was architect of the 320 south boston building .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in print form . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 2 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is led by frank g jackson .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , which is led by rahm emanuel .
marv wolfman ' s full name is marv wolfman and he was created by marv wolfman .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia and one of its ingredients is chorizo .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km . 0 km .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) is published by acta math . hungar . it has the issn number 83646315 - another lccn number of 83646315 .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives in the united states capitol .
the american journal of mathematics has the abbreviated title of am . j .
al asad airbase is found in iraq where the spoken language is arabic .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and his club is fc tom tomsk and he plays for fc tom tomsk .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 sq km .
1089 tama has a temperature of 19 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he was number 39 in the draft pick .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia and one of its ingredients is chorizo .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where americans live and where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes .
atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
english is the language of great britain .
the birth place of birth place is katowice .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music and funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by daniel gould fowle .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc lokomotive leipzig . he played for sv babelsberg 03 and now plays for sv babelsberg 03 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan and the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan .
atlanta is led by atlanta city council .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india and has the latin name of amdavad ni gufa .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and have different names including : bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon barm and bacon muffin . it is also known as a bacon barm .
hip hop musician allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . hip hop has its origins in disco and disco and disco .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is located in the country of belgium , where the french language is spoken and the leader is charles michel .
atlas ii is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron is located in summit county , ohio , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken .
aaron deer is from indiana in the united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on july 11th , 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in nigeria .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . univ . hambg .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places on february the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , comes from singapore and indonesia .
celery is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
acf fiorentina full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . a . engine .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 along with william anders and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its capital is bucharest .
alaa abdul zahra , who plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team , formerly played for al kharaitiyat sc and the iraq national under - 20 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was succeeded by makis voridis . he was the vice president of new democracy .
general dynamics electric boat built the american submarine nr - 1 which is built by general dynamics electric boat .
peter stoger is in the sk rapid wien club and plays for sk rapid wien . he is also manager of 1 . fc koln . fc koln and plays for sk rapid wien club .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students and its dean is mario botta . the leader of the country is mario botta .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm and fc spartak moscow whose manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev . he also plays for fc amkar perm and fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
10 hygiea has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . it serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under 17 football team and is connected to the az alkmaar club .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
alison o ' donnell is a musician for the band mellow candle and is associated with plastik mak .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the area code for albany , georgia is 404 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and malaysian chinese are ethnic group . the leader of malaysia is abdul halim of malaysia and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese people .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
alan shepard is deceased and served as a test pilot .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
chicago ' s location is chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
colombian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 20 football team . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and was awarded the distinguished service order .
the full name of the comic book character was taken by dc comics from the dc comics universe .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , united states , where the leader is henry clay . he was a member of the united states whig party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović and plays for the italian national under 16 football team .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located at jinnah international airport .
adam maher played for the netherlands national under 17 football team and is connected to the az alkmaar club .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of catalonia is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group there .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
abradab was born in katowice .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where english is spoken . the javanese people are an ethnic group from singapore .
the aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns . andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . sauli sipila and juha sipila are leaders in finland .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc and is the olympic stadium ( athens ) . the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet who played for chelsea fc .
arlington is part of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken .
atlas ii is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert and can be served as a dessert course . sandesh is also a dessert .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is located at seminary ridge , pennsylvania , united states . it is categorized as a contributing property .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . the runway name is " 13 / 31 " .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
the amc matador was assembled in thames , wisconsin and is a similar means of transportation to the amc ambassador .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and married to casey ribicoff .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is based in the united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s musical genre is candombe .
one of the languages spoken in new york is spanish .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson is a singer for the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and is a musical fusion of rock music .
alan frew performs rock music .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
a severed wasp was published in hardcover and has an isbn number of 0 - 374 - 374 - 8 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the antares rocket is similar to the delta ii , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3 , 88 . 88 .
the alfa romeo 164 and the lancia thema are all cars .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin , discovered 103 hera .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington dc .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the inhabitants are called texans .
a loyal character dancer is in print and was written by qiu xiaolong .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the indonesian rupiah is the leader .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
the birth place of agnes kant is peoria , illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by wolf solent .
bhajji originates from the country of india where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs jazz music which has its origins in the blues .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
amsterdam - barajas airport is located in amsterdam , where the leader is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located in charleston , virginia .
ground beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and played with the band kaliber 44 .
malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns . andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
the american , peter stöger , was created by peter adsit .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia and one of its ingredients is chorizo .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , is a member of the justicialist party and was in office while juan peron was president .
houston is the largest city in texas , where english is spoken . austin is the county seat of williamson county and houston is the largest city .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3 , 88 . 88 .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
alfred n . phillips worked at the united states house of representatives .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert and can be served as a dessert course . sandesh is also a dessert .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade who was born in preußisch oldendorf and studied at the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic cm .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2013 and its final flight was on april 18th 2013 .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2014 and its final flight was on april 21st 2013 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched from ela - 3 .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which belongs to the solanales family and is a member of the solanales order .
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to wolf solent which was written by john cowper powys .
the port authority of new york and new jersey operates the atlantic city international airport . the airport is operated by the port authority of new jersey and new jersey .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and his club is fc tom tomsk and he plays for fc tom tomsk .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and studied at the erasmus university rotterdam in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as and is the association of mb as .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft fighter aircraft .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
rock musician anders osborne has worked with voice of the wetlands all - stars and is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and its length is 2900 . 0 .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he now playing for united petrotrin f . c .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of fredericksburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where robert e lee was a commander .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1104 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
wheel horse is a key person at american motors which makes the amc matador . roy d . oberhelman is a subsidiary of american motors . oberhelman is a subsidiary of american motors .
alaa abdul zahra , who plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team , formerly played for al kharaitiyat sc and the iraq national under - 20 football team .
the birth place of agnes kant is peoria , illinois .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played with the bands twilight and greymachine . he performs for house of low culture .
peter stoger is in the sk rapid wien club .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the coden code " aip adv " .
abdul rahman ya ' kub is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub , who was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which is a dish from the antioquia department region .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from .
10 hygiea has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec .
elliot see died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
tennessee titans are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by emile roemer .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a 5 litre engine .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , was a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has a runway length of 3 , 88 . 88 .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and their ground is in livorno , italy .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level . it is located in harrietstown , new york .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 0 . it was written by j . jones and is available in hardcover .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and served in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia , where the leader is valery petrakov .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock .
a severed wasp has the isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 374 - 8 " .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league in the 2014 - 2015 season .
a loyal character dancer is in print and was written by qiu xiaolong .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white who was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white , who was married to agnes ward white .
elliot see died in st louis .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and his musical genre is psychedelic music .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km .
107 camilla was discovered by 107 camilla .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the turkish lira .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
al anderson plays with the band nrbq and his genre is country music which was once a member of the wildweeds .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states . the current tenants of the alan b . miller hall are the mason school of business and mary .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a straight - four engine and was produced in 1958 .
addiction is the parent company of addiction .
alessio romagnoli plays for the club a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he has also played for a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . rock and roll originated from blues music .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
andrew white plays alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
the runway name of alderney airport is 08 / 26 .
aleksander barkov jr ' s club is the florida panthers and he was born in tampere , 1995 - 09 - 02 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter aircraft .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
the alvis speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax hp .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the leader of sri jayawardenepura kotte is ranil wickremesinghe .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the comic book character ben urich was created by gene colan and gene colan .
the antares rocket is comparable to delta ii which was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
audi e - tron is a division of audi which has a division of audi e - tron .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 2 sq km and its population density is 1142 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
born in faversham , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the uk and his alma mater is magdalene college cambridge .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , usa . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . david scott was the backup pilot . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 , which was alfred worden .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language spoken is english .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , gujarat , india . gujarat university road .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
celery is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is a type of dessert .
alan martin is a footballer for the scotland national under 19 football team .
the atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and cape canaveral air force station .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country is klaus iohannis and its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is nawaz sharif .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length . the alco rs - 3 ( millimetres ) in length .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
frank de boer played for fc lokomotive leipzig .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press in the united states . the american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is led by don guardian and has a population density of 1142 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the municipal official title of the leader of atlantic city , which has a total area of 44 . 125 sq km . km .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
a fortress of grey ice has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 6 .
john buscema won the inkpot award .
aleksandra kovac performs rhythm and blues music .
airey neave , who began his career on 30th march 1979 , fought in world war ii and ended it on 30th march 1979 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , england .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader of germany is neptun werft .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is assembled in argentina and has a ship beam of 24 . 4 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she was a member of the house of representatives and is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by emile roemer .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of greece are nikos voutsis and nikos voutsis .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc kuban krasnodar .
arlington is part of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
adare manor is located in adare which is part of munster county limerick and county limerick .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he was number 39 in the draft pick .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken . a wizard of mars was published in the united states .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
austin , texas has a population density of 1299 . 65 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 512 . 65 sq km . the area code for austin is 512 .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish from the united states and new york region .
atlantic city , new jersey is led by don guardian and has a population density of 1142 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the municipal official title of the leader of atlantic city , which has a total area of 44 . 125 sq km . km .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where the leader is rahm emanuel .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press in the united states . the american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the state capitol .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
frank de boer played for fc lokomotive leipzig .
albany is the largest city in oregon .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , the leader of which , is raúl fernando sendic rodríguez . montevideo is the leader of uruguay .
michigan is in the united states .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season .
shumai is a variation of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where baduy are an ethnic group .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 - 2421 .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo who ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party . he worked as a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities and the association of public and land - grant universities .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california and is led by the california state assembly . the english language is spoken in california which is part of the san francisco bay area .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by emile roemer .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , french guiana . it is located in kourou , french guiana .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain and is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the book was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada on may 9 , 1989 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3500 meters long .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is one of the ethnic groups there .
akron summit assault ' s ground is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also contains banana .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania and carroll county , maryland is carroll county , maryland .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico and is a food found in mexico .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients of the bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
aleksandra kovac was born in serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer whose genre is rhythm and blues .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league and have been champions of serie b league .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is round rock . austin is the county seat of williamson county and the county seat of williamson county is austin .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan and the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . it has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and written by brandon sanderson .
the antares rocket is comparable to delta ii which was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
the architecture style of adisham hall is tudor revival and is located in sri lanka .
andra is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music and was born in 1986 . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and arabic is spoken there .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
columbus blue jackets are based in the city of columbus , ohio .
orange county , california is in the united states .
madrid is located in spain .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 - 2421 and lccn number 60040714 .
the celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 2 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 301 - 3 and is in print .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which belongs to the solanales family and is a member of the solanales order .
alexandria , indiana is located in madison , indiana . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 524 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a straight - four engine and was produced in 1958 .
the alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres in length .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type . it is owned by the p & o company located in london and has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia and spaniards are an ethnic group there .
ace wilder is an exponent of hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which is derived from hip hop music .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to okeh records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where atlantic city , new jersey is located .
the alv x - 1 rocket was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which is the sequel to aenir .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states democratic party and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located in the u . s .
the president of the united states is the leader of the united states . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and where a severed wasp was written .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish from the united states and new york region .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and was awarded the distinguished service order .
albuquerque is located in new mexico , in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she was a member of the house of representatives and is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by emile roemer .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is a type of dessert .
wheel horse is a key person at american motors which makes the amc matador . roy d . oberhelman is a subsidiary of american motors . oberhelman is a subsidiary of american motors .
andrew white is a musician who started his career in 2003 . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is signed to the record label fiction .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 sq km .
the native americans are an ethnic group in california .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and have different names including : bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon barm and bacon muffin . it is also known as a bacon barm .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
funk is a derivative of hip hop music .
michele marcolini plays for torino b . c .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
chorizo is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its origins in disco and new wave music .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the leader of finland is sauli sipila and the people are known as finns .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american submarine nr - 1 , built by general dynamics electric boat , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
bhajji is from india where the indian people live .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
the amc matador was assembled in thames , wisconsin and is a similar means of transportation to the amc ambassador .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his musical genre is candombe . he is signed to odeon records and his musical genre is candombe .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who was once signed to deram records which is based in london . funk is a derivative of jazz .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
akeem priestley ' s club is harbour view f . c . and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
audi a1 was founded by august horch .
albany is part of georgia , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 26 november 2005 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the audi a1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 6 - speed manual transmission . it is assembled at audi a1 and has a front - wheel drive .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in manitoba , has played for the club anyang halla .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken . a wizard of mars was published in the united states .
the area code of antioch , california is 404 .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia and singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is spoken .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is candombe .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . felipe vi is the leader of andalusia and felipe vi is the leader of spain .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia and spaniards are an ethnic group there .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . the dish comes from the philippines .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax . he has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax .
iraq is the country of iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - where the book is 0 - 7156 - 6 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , us . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he retired .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and the ethnic groups are the ilocano people .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish cooked in peanut sauce and vegetables .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is lemon which is from the antioquia department of colombia .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla .
rolando maran plays for calcio catania .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is candombe .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce made with chili pepper .
anders osborne is associated with the band galactic .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
the atlas ii , originates from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and was operated by nasa .
the de soto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
the aids journal , first published in 1987 , belongs to the academic discipline hiv / aids and belongs to the academic discipline hiv .
albany is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 - 2421 and lccn number 60040714 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
aaron deer is from indiana in the united states .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of commelinids .
the architect of 320 south boston building was architect of the 320 south boston building .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 1960 feet .
akeem adams has played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he now plays for ferencvarosi tc , where thomas doll is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club who play in palo seco .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 5 m tall .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is located in al khor .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
107 camilla was discovered by 107 camilla .
103 colmore row , completed in 1976 , has 23 floors and was designed by the architect john madin .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " and they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 - 2015 season .
as roma ' s manager is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli calcio and manages a . s . roma .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the americans . the star spangled banner is the star spangled banner and the star spangled banner .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is the location of agra airport which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
aaron boogaard ' s club is wichita thunder and he was born in saskatchewan .
n r pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 20 football team . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
juan carlos i of spain preceded alfonso xiii of spain .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1929 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . and a ship beam of 3 . 334 km / h . and a top speed of 8 . 0 .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , comes from singapore and indonesia .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - unique records .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities and the association of public and land - grant universities .
the awh engineering college in the state of kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places on february the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r and it has a length of 4000 . 0 .
al anderson of nrbq plays country music and his genre is country music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . it is 512 - 0 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she was a member of the house of representatives and is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by emile roemer .
airey neave began his career on 30th june 1953 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the parent company of wiley - blackwell .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . and a ship beam of 3 . 334 km / h . and a top speed of 8 . 0 .
amsterdam ' s leader is amsterdam ' s name .
bhajji originates from the country of india where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . the county seat of lee county is opelika .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii which originates from the united states and is comparable to the delta ii .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 846 km per sec .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in baku , azerbaijan .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km and an average speed of 16 . 57 km per sec . it has an average speed of 16 . 57 km per sec .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
john f . kennedy ' s successor was donald j . irwin .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna .
chicago ' s location is chicago .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london . he is a musician signed to polydor records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
spanish is spoken in california .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level . it is located in harrietstown , new york .
the full name of the comic book character was taken by dc comics from the dc comics universe .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - unique records .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives which is led by emile roemer .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom and died in sidcup .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and is a food found in the malay peninsula and malaysia . its main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length and was built by the american locomotive company .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 301 - 3 and is in print .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he served as a test pilot and became a crew member on apollo 12 . he retired .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia and singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is spoken .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in baku , azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
the aid aluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where asian south africans are an ethnic group and the capital city is cape town .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists such as armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , christian burns , jwaydan moyine , alexander popov , alexandre rose , sylvia yin , sylvia yin , sylvia yin , lira yin and alexandra yin .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia de marce and eric flint and is available in print form .
ernie colon and ernie colon are among the creators of the comic character bolt . he was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine . the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 .
albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war in which jefferson davis was a commander . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b . miller hall , which was completed on june 1st , 2009 and is located in virginia , united states .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where italian is spoken .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on july 11th , 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
aleksander barkov jr ' s club is the florida panthers and he was born in tampere , 1995 - 09 - 02 .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london .
michele marcolini plays for torino b . c .
the audi a1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 6 - speed manual transmission . it is assembled at audi a1 and has a front - wheel drive .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
the city of st louis is the home of the st louis rams .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny managed by rashid rakhimov . fc terek grozny is the home ground of fc terek grozny .
colombian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country is klaus iohannis . the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the country of the 1 decembrie 1918 university .
alfred moore scales came from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the country is the location of the battle of chancellorsville , part of the american civil war conflict , where alfred moore scales was at the battle of chancellorsville .
baymax is a character created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . univ . hambg .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his musical genre is candombe . he is signed to odeon records and his musical genre is candombe .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover co .
amsterdam - barajas airport is located in amsterdam , where the leader is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and its length is 2900 . 0 .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , us . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he retired .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol which is managed by jorge silva .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
bakewell tart ( or pudding ) originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire where patrick mc loughlin is a leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
azal pfk is located in azerbaijan .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and hilmi guner . the leader of baku is artur rasizade .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in nigeria and attended the technical institute kaduna state . he worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which is led by birmingham city council .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
107 camilla was discovered by n r pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
adam holloway , who was born in faversham , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
the language of finland is the finnish language .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the us is known as the president of the united states and the united states is barack obama .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover co .
arlington , texas is located at tarrant county , texas and has a total area of 1 . 2 sq km .
aip advances is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the u . s . and his alma mater is harvard university .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the inhabitants are called texans .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , us . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he retired .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s recording label is odeon records .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states . he died in dona ana county , new mexico .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s recording label is odeon records .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway name is 18 / 36 l .
aaron turner ' s musical genre is ambient metal .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of fredericksburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where robert e lee was a commander .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade who was born in preußisch oldendorf .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states or hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the aids journal , first published in 1987 , belongs to the academic discipline hiv / aids and belongs to the academic discipline hiv .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from .
baymax is a character created by steven t . seagle and the american duncan rouleau . the character was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
above the veil is written by garth nix .
atlanta is part of georgia in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
the amc matador was assembled in thames , wisconsin and is a similar means of transportation to the amc ambassador .
the birth place of birth place is katowice .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 . its epoch is 31 december 2006 .
bionico is found in the region of jalisco .
the municipality is bordered by the municipality of mendrisio to the north by the city of mendrisio to the north, and to the north .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena and is 210 metres above sea level .
abel hernandez has played for central espanol and now plays for the uruguay national football team . his club is us citta di palermo and he now plays for penarol which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the leader of kerala is kochi .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada and studied at the university of michigan . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 and the saab 9000 .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
elliot see died in st louis .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the euro is the currency and the leader is mark rutte .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1st , 1969 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . its capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy where the capital city is rome and the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
rock musician anders osborne has worked with voice of the wetlands all - stars and is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars and voice of the wetlands all - stars .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is operated by enaire .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert and can be served as a dessert course . sandesh is also a dessert .
aaron turner played with the band twilight and his musical genre is psychedelic music .
alan frew performs rock music .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and has its stylistic origins in folk music .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the largest city is new york . the country is the location of atlantic city , part of new jersey .
aip advances is edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the u . s . and his alma mater is harvard university .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 5 m tall .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
audi a1 was founded by august horch .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway has a length of 497 . 0 and is made from poaceae .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
pop singer allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the capital of the country is rome and the language spoken is italian .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the book was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3500 meters long .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his career in 2009 . he is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
black metal musician aaron turner was born in the united states and began performing in 1995 . he is a musician in the lotus eaters band and his genre is black metal .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch and has a division of audi e - tron . audi e - tron is a division of audi .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which is led by birmingham city council .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , is a member of the soviet union national football team and has played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov and the soviet union national football team .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc and they play in the superleague greece .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 1960 feet .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and with tab benoit .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres in length .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where english is spoken and where barack obama is the leader . the president of the united states is the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle and fought in the invasion of grenada .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team . he has also been manager of a d . isidro metapan .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the democratic party in the united states .
bionico is a dessert dish from the jalisco region of mexico . it contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and was a fighter pilot .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she was also a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county maryland to its southeast .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , where the labour party is in the majority .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length and was built by the american locomotive company .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where atlantic city , new jersey is located .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain and is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
arabic is a language spoken in iraq .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in katowice , poland . he played with the band kaliber 44 .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 20 football team . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
above the veil is available in print .
chorizo is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken is the marriott international hotel .
alvah sabin was from vermont where the largest city is burlington . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
the native americans are an ethnic group in california .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on july 11th , 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he used to play for los angeles rams and his draft pick is 39 .
acf fiorentina full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . a . engine .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation of aarhus airport which is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
the first runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 497 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit are banana and sweet potato ( of the order of solanales ) .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 8 .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california and is led by the california state assembly . the english language is spoken in california which is part of the san francisco bay area .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
107 camilla , discovered by m . r . pogson , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . 05 days . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 and the saab 9000 .
agra airport is operated by the airports authority of india and is located in uttar pradesh and its icao location identifier is viag .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on july 11th , 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force .
andrew rayel is associated with bobina and christian burns .
aleksandra kovač is an artist for the band k2 and her musical genre is soul music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is nawaz sharif .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc which is located in london . the bbc is the home ground of the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house .
angola , indiana is located in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and his genre is psychedelic folk music .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy minister for development and democracy and democracy .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 km per sec .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . one of the languages spoken in denmark is the marriott international hotel .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish comes from the philippines .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the significant buildings of asilomar state beach .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
alv x - 1 hails from the us where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abdulsalami abubakar was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo who worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
albert b white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and malaysian chinese are ethnic group . the leader of malaysia is abdul halim of malaysia and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese people .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students and its dean is mario botta . the leader of the country is mario botta .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language spoken is english .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa where david scott was the backup pilot . alfred worden was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
107 camilla was discovered by 107 camilla .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book comes from the united states .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by wolf solent .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell on behalf of the addiction journal .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is popular all over indonesia . it contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he discovered 103 hera .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny managed by rashid rakhimov . fc terek grozny is the home ground of fc terek grozny .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county where native americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is an american .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
airbus defence and space is the parent company of asteroids .
allen forrest was born 1981 - 05 - 05 .
manchester is part of manchester .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is the location of agra airport which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is kuala lumpur .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of baku is artur rasizade .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the vietnamese .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan shepard is deceased and served as a test pilot .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation of aarhus airport which is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played for the scotland national under 21 football team and currently plays for clyde fc and clyde fc .
andra is a solo singer whose musical genre is dance - pop . she was born in romania in 1986 .
black metal musician aaron turner was born in the united states and began performing in 1995 . he is a musician in the lotus eaters band and his genre is black metal .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
alpharetta is part of georgia , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . the country ' s leader is margrethe ii and the language spoken is german .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , the leader of which , is gabriela michetti . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , the leader of which , is gabriela michetti .
al anderson is a singer for the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and is a musical fusion of rock music .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s capital is washington d . c .
abdul taib mahmud ' s party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and its capital is london .
alan bean is an american .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of fat .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , comes from singapore and indonesia .
the audi a1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 6 - speed manual transmission . it is assembled at audi a1 and has a front - wheel drive .
the people of denmark are called italians .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . cesena and plays for a . s . s . d . s . s . cesena .
austin , texas has a population density of 1299 . 65 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 512 . 65 sq km . the area code for austin is 512 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
300 north la salle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a v6 engine and a front - wheel drive .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was in the nigerian air force , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is the location of agra airport which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and is a performer of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
adare manor , designed by augustus pugin , is located in adare manor , which is part of the palace of westminster and the leader of westminster . one of the ethnic groups of the country is the palace of westminster and the leader of westminster is augustus pugin .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician . jazz has its stylistic origins in the blues and funk is derived from jazz . funk is a derivative of jazz .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the book was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 and played with the band kaliber 44 .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović and plays for the italian national under 16 football team .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
alex day plays folk music with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell . he is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it is 99 . 83 m long and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
afc ajax ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode as one of its leaders .
malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
alessio romagnoli plays for the club a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović . he has also played for a . c . milan which is managed by siniša mihajlović .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book comes from the united states .
the aston martin v8 is a coupe .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
atlanta is led by atlanta city council .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
abdul rahman ya ' kub is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub , who was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of asilomar conference grounds and other significant buildings including the asilomar state beach , the riverside art museum .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by bella center and has 23 floors .
adam holloway , who was born in faversham , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length and was built by the american locomotive company .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
the location of asilomar conference grounds is california and it is located in asilomar blvd .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 . it has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem priestley ' s club is ferencvarosi tc which is in the qatar stars league .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . it has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
tomato is an ingredient of tomato .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its director is dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is based in the united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
acf fiorentina full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . a . engine .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where airey neave fought .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a 5 litre engine .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which is a dish from the antioquia department region .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3 , 88 . 88 .
atlanta is part of georgia in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of jalisco is narendra modi .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party . he worked as a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena and is 210 metres above sea level .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and is published in hardcover .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and chinese filipino are ethnic groups . the country include the ilocano and chinese filipino .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he used to play for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
akron summit assault played for the club akron summit assault .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and has represented the club u . c . sampdoria and plays for the italian national under 17 football team .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and his genre is psychedelic folk music .
1089 tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 26 november 2005 . it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
walter baade was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county in texas .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia and is a variation of shumai . shumai is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and is led by joko widodo .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . beef kway teow contains sesame oil .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of 1500 members .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and chinese filipino are ethnic groups . the country include the ilocano and chinese filipino .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and studied at the radboud university nijmegen . he was a member of the house of representatives in nijmegen and his alma mater is radboud university nijmegen .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . one of the languages of the languages spoken in denmark is the marriott international hotel .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is also a variation of dessert and the dish bionico .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which is located in izmir .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the area code for albany , georgia is 404 .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . which is in the turkish basketball super league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . which is in the turkish basketball super league .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister and juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes . the book was preceded by grantville gazettes and the grantville gazettes .
alan bean is an american .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi and the olympique lyonnais club whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . aleksandre guruli also plays for fc dinamo batumi , whose manager is jean - michel karpaty lviv .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , which is led by rahm emanuel .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece . they play in the 2014 season and have their home games at the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . the leader of the country is pietro grasso and italian is the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in rostock and owned by aida cruises .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in disco and disco .
brooklyn is part of new york city .
andra is a solo singer whose musical genre is dance - pop . she was born in romania in 1986 .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and coritiba football club . he also plays for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
bacon explosion is a dish from the united states where english is spoken and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the country is washington d . c . and the leader of the country is paul ryan .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in katowice , poland . he played with the band kaliber 44 .
in indonesia the language spoken is indonesian .
the american , peter stöger , was created by peter adsit .
alexandria , indiana is located in madison , indiana . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 524 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is in gubbio 1910 .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen was 3 xn and has 23 floors . 3 xn .
manchester is part of manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is don guardian .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 and its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and its dean is lars lokke rasmussen .
the ground of clyde f . c . is called accrington .
aleksandra kovac is an artist for the band k2 and her musical genre is rhythm and blues . disco is a fusion of rhythm and blues .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy party in greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the aid astella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length , had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , in steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . the largest city in the country is mumbai and the ganges is a river in the state of kerala .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a honda k engine and front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also contains banana .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and the length is 3 , 500 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada and studied at the university of michigan . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where sauli sipila is a leader .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is allama iqbal international airport .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
celery is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 60040714 - 2421 and lccn number 60040714 .
white rice is included in arros negre .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where the ampara hospital is located .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 15 football team .
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and roger stern .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
the city of st louis is the home of the st louis rams .
agnes ward white is married to agnes ward white .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
akron , summit county , ohio is located in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s capital is washington dc .
the united states army battled in the spanish - american war .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia , where the leader is valery petrakov .
adam holloway was born in faversham and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
marv wolfman ' s full name is marv wolfman and he was created by marv wolfman .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
there are 34 floors at 20 fenchurch street which has a floor area of 30843 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi and fc dinamo batumi .
the leader of dublin is dublin .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 and the saab 9000 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
abradab was born in katowice , poland and is associated with the rapper kaliber 44 and the rapper magik .
akeem priestley ' s club is harbour view f . c . and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . the language of the united states is english .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km .
afc blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool , where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) and they have had stuart parker as their manager . the club is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
manhattan is part of new york .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 13 / 31 and has a length of 1873 . 0 .
the 3 arena is located at east link bridge and was designed by the architectural company populous .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and the country is the location of albany .
al anderson of nrbq plays country music and his genre is country music .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states or china . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
aaron turner is a singer whose musical genre is black metal which is a musical fusion of black metal .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for a . d . isidro metapan .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a similar means of transport to the saab 9000 .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by montreal locomotive works .
akeem dent ' s former team was the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley ' s club is harbour view fc and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is anyang halla .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
the 3 arena is located at east link bridge and was designed by the architectural company populous .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to okeh records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is in verona , italy and they have 39371 members .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
a severed wasp was published in hardcover and has an isbn number of 0 - 374 - 374 - 8 .
bananaman first aired on october 3rd , 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to okeh records . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
jens härtel played for fc lokomotive leipzig .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group of chinese people .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia and spaniards are an ethnic group there .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany and built the a - rosa luna .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . and a ship beam of 3 . 334 km / h . and a top speed of 8 . 0 .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of the state of vermont .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia de marce and eric flint and is available in print form .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens härtel played for fc lokomotive leipzig .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - wakrah f . c .
the aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . it is 512 - 0 .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she was also a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . it is 512 - 0 .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin . he was a member of the connecticut house of representatives .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 9 .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 8 .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potatoes ( confectionery ) . it is also served as a dessert .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the largest city is new york . the country is the location of atlantic city , part of new jersey .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of adare manor .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the significant buildings of asilomar state beach .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada in 1989 and has played for the club anyang halla .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader of the community of madrid is the people ' s party .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and malaysian chinese are ethnic group . the leader of malaysia is abdul halim of malaysia and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese people .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 1 . 55 metres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is spoken in california .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and is connected to the az alkmaar club . his club is psv eindhoven .
allan shivers served in world war ii and was a commander in the war ii .
1089 tama has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 846 km per sec .
the acura tlx is related to the honda accord .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
akeem priestley ' s club is harbour view fc .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he discovered 103 hera .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is published by sage publications . it has an issn number of 0001 - 8392 and an lccn number of 57059226 .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans and he made his debut for the st . louis rams .
english is the language of the united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , usa . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . david scott was the backup pilot . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 , which was alfred worden .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag . the airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km and a population density of washington dc . 8 inhabitants per sq km .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . s . cesena and has been the manager of a c cesena .
a long long way is written in english .
alan bean is an american .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
arlington , texas is located in texas and has a population density of 140 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area of arlington , texas is located at tarrant county . 0 above sea level .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in world war ii . he was involved in world war ii and ended it on 30th march 1979 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and served in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by airbus defence and space and launched from ela - 3 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in sidcup .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , is a member of the justicialist party and was in office while juan peron was president .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the americans . the star spangled banner is the star spangled banner and the star spangled banner .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09 l / 27 r and it has a length of 3 , 88 .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol which is managed by jorge silva .
al asad airbase is found in iraq where the spoken language is arabic .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . the ram rebellion was written in english language spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its director is dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra and sumatra .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she worked at the house of representatives which is led by emile roemer .
william anders was a us citizen who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol which is managed by jorge silva .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
alan martin played football for accrington stanley f . c . and also for accrington stanley f . c .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by baen books .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
the a - rosa luna was completed on april 6th 2005 .
michigan is in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico and is a food found in mexico .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states , whose genre is psychedelia .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . atlantic city is part of new jersey .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the largest city in new jersey is newark and the state ' s largest city is newark .
alex day performs synthpop music which has its origins in disco and new wave music .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 in katowice .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country led by narendra modi .
general dynamics electric boat built the american submarine nr - 1 which is built by general dynamics electric boat .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where the leader is rahm emanuel .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was in the nigerian navy , whose successor was oladipo diya . mike akhigbe was oladipo diya .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s recording label is odeon records .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , united states , where the leader is henry clay . he was a member of the united states whig party .
viking press is located in the united states .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in washington , d . c .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of adare manor .
asilomar conference grounds are located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 15 football team .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and hilmi guner and hilmi guner . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
neptun werft ' s leader is sauli .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor .
atlanta is part of georgia in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in rostock and owned by aida cruises .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , fried egg , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where baduy are an ethnic group .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . the runway name is " 13 / 31 " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is signed to deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz music .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres . its orbital period is 142603000 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy party in greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . felipe vi is the leader of andalusia and felipe vi is the leader of spain .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities and the association of public and land - grant universities .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who originated from blues music .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . the dish comes from the philippines .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician . jazz has its stylistic origins in the blues and funk is derived from jazz . funk is a derivative of jazz .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the population density of anderson is 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and its total area is 107 . 43 sq km .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla . he died in chennai and has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in peoria , illinois .
albany is part of linn county , oregon , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
al anderson , a singer , performs rock music and is a member of the wildweeds .
the nationality of peter stoger is united states .
abradab was born in katowice , poland and is associated with the rapper kaliber 44 and the rapper magik .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc terek grozny managed by rashid rakhimov . fc terek grozny is the home ground of fc terek grozny .
bhajji originates from the country of india where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan and sumitra mahajan .
celery is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka . the leader of the eastern province is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
alex day performs synthpop music .
andrew rayel , whose musical genre is trance , is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a severed wasp has the isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 374 - 8 " .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states and one of the ethnic groups there is african americans .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin . he was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc whose manager is steve davis . he has also played for hull city afc and the uruguay national football team .
sandesh is a type of dessert , as is binignit which contains taro .
akron summit assault played for the club akron summit assault .
abner was born in abner .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
john f . kennedy ' s successor was donald j . irwin .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is anyang halla .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is called juan afara .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where houston is the largest city and houston is the county seat . spanish is spoken in texas .
a severed wasp was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 57392246 .
the alvis speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax hp engine and a 31 . it has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent , centre change lever , open tubular fully floating back axle .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim . he also plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is located in al khor .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 54 km per sec .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states or china . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in the united states .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
airey neave began his career on 30th march 1979 and fought in the battle of france .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . it has 60 floors .
attica , indiana is located at attica . 0 above sea level .
the aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
a fortress of grey ice has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 6 .
indian people are from india .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and the length is 3 , 500 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the parent company of wiley - blackwell .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada and the national anthem is o canada . aaron boogaard ' s leader is elizabeth ii .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and hilmi guner . the leader of baku is artur rasizade .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine .
anders osborne , whose musical genre is rhythm and blues , began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists billy iuso and tab benoit .
aaron bertram plays for the kids imagine nation band and the suburban legends band . ska punk originated from ska music .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in argentina , where juan peron was in office while juan peron was president .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
alan frew is a performer of rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in washington , d . c .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states . he died in dona ana county , new mexico .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport , located in sao jose dos pinhais , is operated by infraero and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist who was signed to rabadash records .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of the dish are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , fried egg , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white who was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white , who was married to agnes ward white .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
andra , whose musical genre is rhythm and blues , is associated with musician marius moga .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 17 football team and also real madrid castilla who are managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , was a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey ' s largest city is newark .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york and died in dona ana county , new mexico , united states . he died in dona ana county , new mexico .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was succeeded by makis voridis . he was the vice president of new democracy .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 and its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
hip hop musician allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . hip hop has its origins in disco and disco and disco .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the americans . the star spangled banner is the star spangled banner and the star spangled banner .
the amc matador , or american motors matador , has a amc v8 engine and is assembled in thames , new zealand .
109 felicitas has a periapsis of 139705000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
andrew white is a musician who started his career in 2003 . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he is signed to the record label fiction .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . the language of the united states is english .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and his genre is psychedelic folk music .
karl kesel is an american .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit and was awarded the distinguished service order .
wheel horse is a subsidiary of american motors which makes the amc matador . roy d . oberhelman is a key person at american motors which was acquired by chrysler and was succeeded by eagle .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
airey neave was lieutenant colonel in the confederate states army .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it is 99 . 83 m long and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , in steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the capital city is kuala lumpur . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the grounds of asilomar conference .
the 3 arena is located in dublin and was designed by the architectural company populous .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 4 , 500 .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio 1910 .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington d . c . and john roberts is a leader . the president of the united states and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , fried egg , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . semin . univ . univ . hambg ) has an issn number of abh . hambg .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
auburn is part of king county , washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) is a dish from the karnataka region of india and contains gram flour and vegetables .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 km per sec .
the amc matador has a straight - 6 engine and is assembled in thames , wisconsin . it is a mid - size car with an amc straight - 6 engine .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and was discovered by james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader of the community of madrid is the people ' s party .
abdul taib mahmud ' s party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
akeem priestley ' s club is harbour view f . c . and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists armin van buuren and bobina .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he now playing for united petrotrin f . c .
abel hernandez has played for central espanol and now plays for u . s . città di palermo whose manager is giuseppe iachini .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup , which is led by the labour party of the united kingdom .
alv x - 1 hails from the us where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also contains banana .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
the native americans are an ethnic group in california .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 - 15 season in the bundesliga .
the former name of 1089 tama is " a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the native americans .
audi e - tron is a division of audi which has a division of audi e - tron .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico and is a food found in mexico .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and eric flint .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovac performs rhythm and blues music .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the capital of italy is rome .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington dc .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover co .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
andrew white is a musician signed to polydor records which is located in london . he is a musician signed to polydor records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
the aid astella , owned by costa crociere , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , whose leader is narendra modi .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 .
pacific grove is part of california .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was the deputy minister for development and shipping .
elliot see died in st louis .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is led by the labour party ( uk ) and the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
connecticut born alfred n phillips served in the united states army and fought in the spanish - american war . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published . the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
andrew white ' s musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the significant buildings of asilomar state beach .
iraq is the country of iraq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is based in the united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career on march 4th 1974 and fought in world war ii . he was involved in world war ii and ended it on 30th march 1979 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country is klaus iohannis and its prime minister is klaus iohannis .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the 3 arena , designed by the architectural company populous , was completed in december 2008 .
the awh engineering college in the state of kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 and the saab 9000 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is located in the country of belgium , where the french language is spoken and the leader is charles michel .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists armin van buuren and bobina .
the american journal of mathematics has the abbreviated title of am . j .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . " they have 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire . they played in the 2014 season and have 3180 members .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
peter stoger is in the sk rapid wien club .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican rupiah .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine .
st louis , which is part of greater st louis , is led by francis g slay and is the birth place of alex tyus .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom which is led by elizabeth ii and has the capital city of london . the leader of the united kingdom is known as the parliament of the united kingdom .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba iulia , romania . its capital is bucharest .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by daniel gould fowle .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . the language of the us is english and the language spoken there is english .
the alvis speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax hp engine and a 31 . it has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - silent , centre change lever , open tubular fully floating back axle .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and arabic is spoken there .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc and starred jill shilling .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
peter stoger is in the sk rapid wien club .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
alvah sabin began his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky and raised in dothan , al . hip hop has its origins in disco and disco .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1st , 1969 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow and the musical artist , marry banilow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm and fc spartak moscow whose manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev . he also plays for fc amkar perm and fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter aircraft .
neptun werft ' s leader is sauli .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
200 public square in the united states has a floor count of 45 .
bionico is a food found in mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is also where the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
arlington , texas is located at tarrant county , texas and has a total area of 1 . 2 sq km .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for a . s . s . d . s . cesena .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . the county seat of lee county is opelika .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . the country ' s leader is sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft fighter aircraft .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . semin . univ . univ . hambg ) has an issn number of abh . hambg .
airbus defence and space is the parent company of asteroids .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue , which has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , began in january 2014 and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county , maryland is carroll county , maryland .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and was involved in gulf war battles . he was a commander in the gulf war , where adam holloway fought in the gulf war .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . binignit is a type of dessert .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the aid aluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , where aek athens fc are previous champions .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . its main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cubanelle peppers .
albert b white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
the president of the united states is the leader of the united states . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is round rock . austin is the county seat of williamson county and the county seat of williamson county is austin .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy .
acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for acm transactions on information systems and is published by alexander l . wolf . wolf .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and coritiba football club . he also plays for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor .
akeem dent ' s former team was the atlanta falcons .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada and studied at the university of michigan . he died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km and an average speed of 16 . 57 km per sec . it has an average speed of 16 . 57 km per sec .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and a floor area of 1 . 66 square metres .
anders osborne is associated with the band galactic .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for genoa c . f . c . and now manages a . s . livorno calcio .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , austria and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
the united states air force fought in the korean war .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the leader of sri jayawardenepura kotte is ranil wickremesinghe .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce can be found .
the united states house of representatives is located in the u . s .
aaron deer is signed to the record label indie rock .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is led by the labour party ( uk ) and the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , is the author of wolf solent and a glastonbury romance .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the leader of kerala is kochi .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and the ethnic groups are the ilocano people .
adam mc quaid was born on prince edward island on prince edward island on october 12th 1986 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff of 737 . it is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 km per sec .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
300 north la salle , illinois , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 . it has 60 floors .
the birth place of birth place is katowice .
ace wilder performs hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which has its sounds from hip hop music .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states , where spanish is spoken .
akron is located in summit county , ohio , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he discovered 103 hera .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and is a performer of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc and the uruguay national football team . he also plays for hull city afc which is managed by steve davis .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
bacon explosion is a dish from the united states where english is spoken and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the country is washington d . c . and the leader of the country is paul ryan .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 139705000 . 0 .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and its escape velocity is 0 .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . it was established in 2001 and has a staff of 250 .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a test pilot . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . the country ' s leader is sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
the comic book character bolt was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach was born and died in graz .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length . the alco rs - 3 ( millimetres ) in length .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is esteghlal ahvaz f . c . and he plays for al shorta sc .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of the state of vermont .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a 5 litre engine .
abradab was born on november 12th 1978 in katowice .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league and have been champions of serie b league .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
aleksandra kovac was born in serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer whose genre is rhythm and blues .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
bananaman first aired on october 3rd , 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf and studied at the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in gottingen .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the institute of paleobiology , polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 60040714 - 2421 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states , whose genre is psychedelia .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and was discovered by james craig watson . he died in madison , wisconsin .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and leaders are claude bartolone and claude bartolone . barny cakes can be found in france .
chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . the dish comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is kuala lumpur .
walter baade was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and the ethnic groups are the ilocano people .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and its escape velocity is 0 .
attica , indiana has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 4 . 14 sq km .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and has its stylistic origins in funk and funk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . one of the languages spoken in denmark is the marriott international hotel .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
agra airport is operated by the airports authority of india and is located in uttar pradesh and its icao location identifier is viag .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s alma mater was the technical institute kaduna and he was born in abdulsalami abubakar .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . " they have 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire . they played in the 2014 season and have 3180 members .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 3500 meters long .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al - khor .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by into battle and followed by into battle . the novel into battle and followed by into battle .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is a popular tourist destination in belgium .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup , which is led by the labour party of the united kingdom .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives in the united states capitol .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . the dish comes from the philippines .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom which is led by elizabeth ii and has the capital city of london . the leader of the united kingdom is known as the parliament of the united kingdom .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akron summit assault ' s ground is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
alex day performs synthpop music .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potatoes ( confectionery ) . it is also served as a dessert .
albert b . white started his career on march 4th 1905 and ended it on march 4th 1905 . he was married to agnes ward white .
walter baade , who died in west germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and he died in west germany .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
walter baade was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states , whose genre is psychedelia .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 and august 1956 .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was succeeded by william m . o . dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlović and plays for the italian national under 16 football team .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and is a food found in java . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor .
one of the languages spoken in canada is french .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in faversham and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
albany is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he was number 39 in the draft pick .
adam koc was born in the netherlands .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock .
al anderson is a singer in the rock band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and is a musical fusion of rock music .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . its main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and with tab benoit .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music and funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . which is in the turkish basketball super league .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 . its dean is mario botta .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where asian canadians are an ethnic group and the leader is elizabeth ii .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
baymax is a character created by steven t . seagle and the american duncan rouleau . the character was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is published by sage publications . it has an issn number of 0001 - 8392 and an lccn number of 57059226 .
andrew white ' s musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
walter baade , who died in west germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and he died in west germany .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 . it has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states which is led by the president . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and english is the language spoken .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where houston is the largest city . houston is the county seat of williamson county .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii which originates from the united states and is comparable to the delta ii .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a similar means of transport to the saab 9000 .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where americans live and where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aleksandra kovac is an artist for the band k2 and her musical genre is rhythm and blues . disco is a fusion of rhythm and blues .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii which originates from the united states and is comparable to the delta ii .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . alan shepard died in california , which is operated by nwc .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is the location of agra airport which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy where the capital city is rome and the italian language is spoken . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , whose leader is narendra modi .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover co .
alison o ' donnell is a musician for the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the area code of antioch , california is 404 .
n r pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and are popular in the uk . the blt is a variation of the blt which contains tomato .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of fredericksburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where robert e lee was a commander .
300 north la salle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian felicitas .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
manhattan is part of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is a popular tourist destination in belgium .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . and has represented the club kv mechelen .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by montreal locomotive works .
andra performs rhythm and blues music .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
orange county , california is in the united states .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , is a member of the justicialist party and was in office while juan peron was president .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . s . roma club and played for the italian national under 16 football team which is coached by sinisa mihajlovic .
alan martin played football for accrington stanley f . c . and also for accrington stanley f . c .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands which is led by emile roemer .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of baku is artur rasizade .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
aaron bertram plays for the kids imagine nation band and the suburban legends band . ska punk originated from ska music .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he has also played for sv werder bremen ii and sv werder bremen ii .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is signed to deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz music .
aleksandra kovac performs rhythm and blues music .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a honda k engine and front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where the ampara hospital is located .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
alberto teisaire was a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 , a total area of 131 . 6 sq km and a utc offset of - 8 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans and he made his debut for the st . louis rams .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
alison o ' donnell , who was a member of the flibbertigibbet band , was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . the language of the united states is english .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is located in mumbai and the arabian sea to the northeast of the arabian sea .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
1089 tama has a temperature of 19 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
julia morgan is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 5 m tall .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india and has the latin name of amdavad ni gufa .
baymax is a character created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the justicialist party and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 1 . 55 metres and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and died in st louis .
houston is the largest city in texas , where english is spoken . austin is the county seat of williamson county and houston is the largest city .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of baku is artur rasizade .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom and died in sidcup .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
st louis , which is part of greater st louis , is led by francis g slay and is the birth place of alex tyus .
a severed wasp was published in hardcover and has an isbn number of 0 - 374 - 374 - 8 .
augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor which is located in county limerick . he also designed the palace of westminster .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce made with chili pepper .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes . the book was preceded by grantville gazettes and the grantville gazettes .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which aaron turner plays the electric guitar . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and was discovered by james craig watson . he died in madison , wisconsin .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla . he died in chennai and has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the company powers the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 500 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and a floor area of 1 . 66 square metres .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and the country is the location of albany .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
a severed wasp was written in english which is spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team and also for u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini . città di palermo , who play in the uruguayan primera división .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the labour party in argentina , where juan peron was in office while juan peron was president .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where houston is the largest city . houston is the county seat of williamson county .
sheldon moldoff is the alternative name for the black pirate .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and have different names including : bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon sanger , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri . he has also played for sv werder bremen ii and sv werder bremen ii .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax . he has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . the country ' s leader is sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs . alternative rock has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
aenir is a paperback book with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and was written by garth nix .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is based in the united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
al anderson , a singer , performs rock music and is a member of the wildweeds .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and produced in print .
alison o ' donnell , who was a member of the flibbertigibbet band , was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is tony tan and standard chinese is one of the ethnic groups there .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city . houston is the county seat of hays county .
ice cream is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish that can be served as a dessert .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is also signed to the record label alligator records which is based in the blues label .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of asilomar conference grounds and other significant buildings including the asilomar state beach , the riverside art museum .
andrew rayel , whose musical genre is trance , is associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 4 , 500 .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach was born and died in graz .
tim brooke - taylor was born in england and starred in bananaman .
colombian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs jazz music which has its origins in the blues .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played football for hamilton academical fc and currently for hamilton academical fc .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states or hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
michele marcolini was born in italy and is attached to the club torino fc and has been manager of ac lumezzane . he plays for torino fc .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level .
white rice is included in arros negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , which is led by rahm emanuel .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and led by the new mexico senate . the new mexico senate leads albuquerque .
marv wolfman won the inkpot award .
the architect of adare manor , designed by philip pain , was philip pain and completed in 1862 .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 54 km per sec .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . cesena and has been the manager of a c cesena .
marv wolfman is the creator of marv wolfman and he was created by marv wolfman .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the ground of clyde f . c . is called accrington .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 500 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the runway name is 7 / 29 and it has a length of 2744 . 0 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 and august 1956 .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the vietnamese .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada in 1989 and has played for the club anyang halla .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the capital of the country is rome and the language spoken is italian .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and died in sycamore , illinois .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . it serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and the country is led by klaus iohannis . the national anthem of the country is germans of romania .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the city of mendrisio .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th september 1987 . he used to play for the atlanta falcons .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 301 - 3 and is in print .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . the company is located in rostock and owned by aida cruises .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the comic character bolt was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
aleksandra kovač is an artist for the band k2 and her musical genre is soul music . disco is a fusion of pop music .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the leader of sri jayawardenepura kotte is ranil wickremesinghe .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , england .
adam holloway , who was born in faversham , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published . the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
baked alaska is a dish from france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . french is the national language of france and gerard larcher is spoken there .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
the american submarine nr - 1 , built by general dynamics electric boat , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , gujarat , india . gujarat university road .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who are based in the city of houston . he used to play for the houston texans who are based in the city of houston .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and the length is 3 , 500 . 88 .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league in the 2014 - 2015 season .
ernie colon and ernie colon are among the creators of the comic character bolt . he was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
atlanta is the home city of atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics is also known as am . j . math .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 . its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 km .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra .
london is the location of the 3 arena .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is located in al - khor .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the united kingdom and died in sidcup .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is nawaz sharif .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo who ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and its escape velocity is 0 .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and worked as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
akeem adams has played for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco . he now plays for ferencvarosi tc , where thomas doll is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . club who play in palo seco .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of new netherland .
the amc matador , or american motors matador , has a amc v8 engine and is assembled in thames , new zealand .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
elliot see was born in dallas , usa and died in st louis . he attended the university of texas at austin .
universal music is the home of the company entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he discovered 103 hera .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and the airport is 18 r .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where italian is spoken .
bananaman first aired on october 3rd , 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
the american journal of mathematics has the abbreviated title of am . j .
bionico is a dessert dish from the jalisco region of mexico . it contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which has a subsidiary known as audi a1 .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by baen books .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is based in the united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . the dish comes from the philippines .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its maiden flight was on april 21st 2014 and its final flight was on april 21st 2013 .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and died in st louis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
the de soto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
a severed wasp was published in hardcover and has the oclc number 57392246 .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in pakistan . the leader of pakistan is nawaz sharif .
andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music and funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the democratic party in the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey ' s largest city is newark .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . the country ' s leader is sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and the airport is 18 r .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . the character was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican rupiah .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc lokomotive leipzig . he played for sv babelsberg 03 and now plays for sv babelsberg 03 .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
aaron bertram plays for the kids imagine nation band and the suburban legends band . ska punk originated from ska music .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
ground beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 - 15 season in the bundesliga .
audi e - tron is a division of audi which has a division of audi e - tron .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs jazz music which has its origins in the blues .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc which is located in london . the bbc is the home ground of the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . binignit is a type of dessert .
born in faversham , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the uk and his alma mater is magdalene college cambridge .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 500 .
audi a1 was founded by august horch .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and studied at the radboud university nijmegen . he was a member of the house of representatives in nijmegen and his alma mater is radboud university nijmegen .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
the aid aluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
akron summit assault ' s ground is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where sauli sipila is a leader .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
as roma ' s manager is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli calcio and manages a . s . roma .
the main ingredient of binignit are banana and sweet potato ( of the order of solanales ) .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
baked alaska is a dish from france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . french is the national language of france and gerard larcher is spoken there .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press in the united states . the american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press .
the alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 .
airey neave was awarded the distinguished service order .
james craig watson ' s alma mater was the university of michigan .
albany is part of georgia , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , the leader of which , is gabriela michetti . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , the leader of which , is gabriela michetti .
101 helena has an epoch date of 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09 l / 27 r and it has a length of 3 , 88 .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais which is owned by jean - michel .
the dessert variation of the dessert can be varied using cottage cheese .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
the aston martin v8 , succeeded by the aston martin virage , is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
anders osborne , whose musical genre is rhythm and blues , began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists billy iuso and tab benoit .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war , where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the runway name of alderney airport is 08 / 26 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
alan frew is a performer of rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes . the book was preceded by grantville gazettes and the grantville gazettes .
aida cruises is located in germany and operates the aid astella .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sago and sweet potatoes .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , the leader of which , is raúl fernando sendic rodríguez . montevideo is the leader of uruguay .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km . 0 km .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and with tab benoit .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
colombian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , bandeja paisa .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
there are 34 floors at 20 fenchurch street which has a floor area of 30843 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo who worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s . d . s . cesena and has been the manager of a c cesena .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - unique records which is located in london . he plays alternative rock music which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
1 fc magdeburg played in the 2014 - 15 season in the bundesliga .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
the comic book character ben urich was created by gene colan and gene colan .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and was involved in gulf war battles . he was a commander in the gulf war , where adam holloway fought in the gulf war .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 2 sq km and its population density is 1142 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and a floor area of 1 . 66 square metres .
the runway name of alderney airport is 08 / 26 .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , austria and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has a runway length of 3 , 88 . 88 .
alfred n . phillips worked at the united states house of representatives .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle and fought in the invasion of grenada .
the first runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 497 . 0 .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and are popular in the uk . the blt is a variation of the blt which contains tomato .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
arlington is part of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
akron is located in summit county , ohio , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and english is the language spoken .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 , a total area of 131 . 6 sq km and a utc offset of - 8 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where white south africans are an ethnic group .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm and fc spartak moscow whose manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev . he also plays for fc amkar perm and fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of the dish are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , fried egg , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the country is the location of the aarhus university .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 . its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 km .
the 3 arena , designed by the architectural company populous , was completed in december 2008 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
auburn is part of king county in washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1104 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in print form . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 2 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c . and has also played for blackpool f . c . blackpool , whose ground is in blackpool .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade who was born in preußisch oldendorf and studied at the university of gottingen .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is in gubbio 1910 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and was a fighter pilot .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada and the national anthem is o canada . aaron boogaard ' s leader is elizabeth ii .
alan frew performs rock music .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 1982 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 497 . 0 .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was in the nigerian air force , who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where white south africans are an ethnic group .
adam maher plays for the iraq national under 17 football team .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , was succeeded by the aston martin virage . the aston martin v8 is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and the language spoken is american english .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . the dish comes from the philippines .
angola , indiana is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s inhabitants are known as americans .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and their ground is in livorno , italy .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states or china . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the seat ibiza is related to the audi a1 .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovac was born in serbia .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . the dish is also found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is neptun werft who are located in rostock .
the alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres in length .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and is connected to the az alkmaar club . his club is psv eindhoven .
antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 sq km and a total area of 75 . km .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
afc blackpool have their ground in blackpool and is managed by stuart parker ( footballer ) . he has represented the club kv mechelen and the club kv mechelen . the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken . the native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the native americans .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan and the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
alan shepard was a test pilot who was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy . the department of commerce gold medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california is found in california .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . the country ' s leader is margrethe ii and the language spoken is german .
the area code for albany , georgia is 404 .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country is klaus iohannis . the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the country of the 1 decembrie 1918 university .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which is a dish from the antioquia department region .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of catalonia is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group there .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the alhambra had a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the grounds of asilomar conference .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky and raised in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . the character is a character that stars ryan potter .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc .
the area code of antioch , california is 404 .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . the character is a character that stars ryan potter .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) is a dish from the karnataka region of india and contains gram flour and vegetables .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is viag .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a v6 engine and a front - wheel drive .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and is signed to deram records . funk is a derivative of jazz music .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
wheel horse is a subsidiary of american motors which makes the amc matador . roy d . oberhelman is a key person at american motors which was acquired by chrysler and was succeeded by eagle .
angola , indiana is 159 . 0 above sea level .
abel hernandez has played for central espanol and now plays for u . s . città di palermo whose manager is giuseppe iachini .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s capital is washington d . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the capital of the country is rome and the language spoken is italian .
st louis , which is part of greater st louis , is led by francis g slay and is the birth place of alex tyus .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
alfred moore scales came from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the country is the location of the battle of chancellorsville , part of the american civil war conflict , where alfred moore scales was at the battle of chancellorsville .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia and is a variation of shumai . shumai is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and is led by joko widodo .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country is klaus iohannis . the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the country of the 1 decembrie 1918 university .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in the serie b league and have been champions of serie b league .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is located in mumbai and the arabian sea to the northeast of the arabian sea .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) is a dish from the karnataka region of india and contains gram flour and vegetables .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé has a straight - four engine and was produced in 1958 .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
the english language is spoken in australia .
born in windsor , connecticut , al anderson , plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . he was a member of the wildweeds .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
arlington is part of texas in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues singer who began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the alfa romeo 164 and the lancia thema are all cars .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives in the united states capitol .
the alv x - 1 rocket was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
aaron hunt has played for sv werder bremen and sv werder bremen ii managed by dieter hecking .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1929 .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is the location of agra airport which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the population density of anderson is 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and its total area is 107 . 43 sq km .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 . its epoch is 31 december 2006 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard and has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
peter stoger is in the sk rapid wien club and plays for sk rapid wien . he is also manager of 1 . fc koln . fc koln and plays for sk rapid wien club .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy party in greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia de marce and eric flint and is available in print form .
the alma mater of adam holloway is magdalene college cambridge .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team and also for u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini . città di palermo , who play in the uruguayan primera división .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . s . roma club and played for the italian national under 16 football team which is coached by sinisa mihajlovic .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns . trance has its origins in house music and house music .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is candombe .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais which is owned by jean - michel .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc and the uruguay national football team . he also plays for hull city afc which is managed by steve davis .
london is the location of the 3 arena .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz . doris bures is a leader in austria where austrian german is the language spoken .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian felicitas .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
bakewell tart originates from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire where patrick mc loughlin is a leader . the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which includes frangipane .
alvah sabin began his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are called texans .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
akeem ayers ' s draft pick is 39 and he was number 39 in the draft pick .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
funk is a derivative of hip hop music .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per sec .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce and sesame oil .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
aaron turner is a post - metal musician who played with the bands twilight and greymachine . he performs for house of low culture .
the architect of the 320 south boston building , which was completed in 1929 , united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken and the capital city is austin .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was born in the kingdom of sarawak and his deputy is abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul rahman ya ' kub was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by wolf solent .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena and is 210 metres above sea level .
bionico is a dessert which contains raisins .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is operated by the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle . c - 15 eagle .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the native americans .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs . alternative rock has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
karl kesel is an american .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol and now plays for the uruguay national football team . his club is us citta di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the book was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia , where the leader is valery petrakov .
the people of denmark are called italians .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , celery , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of new netherland . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay , where the leader is called juan afara .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , celery , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of fredericksburg .
pacific grove is part of california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states .
abradab was born in katowice .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 1982 . 0 .
the aid astella , built by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and operated by aida cruises .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a diesel - electric transmission .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is on 31 december 2016 . its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 km .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
auburn is part of king county in washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner ' s musical genre is ambient metal .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
agustin barboza is a solo singer .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch and has a division of audi e - tron . audi e - tron is a division of audi .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow . his club is fc kuban krasnodar and he previously played for fc spartak moscow .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
al anderson is a singer in the rock band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and is a musical fusion of rock music .
atlas ii is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . one of the languages of the languages spoken in denmark is the marriott international hotel .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which is the sequel to aenir .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey ' s largest city is newark .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia , where the leader is valery petrakov .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia and is a variation of shumai . shumai is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and is led by joko widodo .
baymax is a character created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
rolando maran plays for calcio catania .
connecticut born alfred n phillips served in the united states army and fought in the spanish - american war . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
alison o ' donnell is a musician for the band mellow candle and is associated with plastik mak .
aleksandra kovac was born in serbia .
afc ajax ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . and has represented the club kv mechelen .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and coritiba football club . he also plays for real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
celery is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army and fought in the american civil war .
elliot see died in st louis .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 1960 feet .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the state capitol .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the bands twilight and twilight .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , united states . the county seat of lee county is opelika .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of catalonia is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group there .
juan carlos i of spain preceded alfonso xiii of spain .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , the country where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and married to casey ribicoff .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
albany is part of georgia , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish from france and new york .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup . the leader of london is boris johnson and the european parliament .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
the united states air force fought in the korean war .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school has a magistrate of business and social sciences at the aarhus university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 2 .
abdulsalami abubakar was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo who worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is candombe .
the ariane 5 was launched at the guiana space centre .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . semin . univ . univ . hambg ) has an issn number of abh . hambg .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . the ram rebellion was written in english language spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena and is 210 metres above sea level .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of 1500 members .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres . its orbital period is 142603000 . 0 .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where baduy are an ethnic group .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the coden code " aip adv " .
rhythm and blues artist ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
attica , indiana is located at attica . 0 above sea level .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
allan shivers began his career on january 11th , allan shivers .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music and has its stylistic origins in folk music .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in manitoba , has played for the club anyang halla .
wheel horse is a key person at american motors which makes the amc matador . roy d . oberhelman is a subsidiary of american motors . oberhelman is a subsidiary of american motors .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located in the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in the state capitol .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
china is the country of china .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , in steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy where the capital city is rome and the italian language is spoken . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alison o ' donnell plays folk rock music and is signed to deram records .
aenir is a paperback book with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and was written by garth nix .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r and it has a length of 4000 . 0 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine . the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - wakrah f . c .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alessio romagnoli played for the italy national under - 19 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was a member of the greek new democracy party . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president and the african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington dc and the country is also the location of 1634 the ram rebellion .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
alex day plays folk music with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell . he is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
albany is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country ' s capital is washington d . c .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
anderson is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana .
the antares rocket is comparable to delta ii which was launched at the vandenberg air force base .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow and the musical artist , marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and english is spoken there .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states and one of the ethnic groups there is african americans .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway name is 18 / 36 l .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county where native americans are an ethnic group .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular food of singapore .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and succeeded by the rover co .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . the character was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the a - rosa luna was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients of the bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
the architect of adare manor , designed by philip pain , was philip pain and completed in 1862 .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played for the scotland national under 21 football team and currently plays for clyde fc and clyde fc .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch and has a division of audi e - tron . audi e - tron is a division of audi .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which is based in the united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is located in mumbai and the arabian sea to the northeast of the arabian sea .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc .
akron , summit county , ohio is in the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackpool f . c .
madrid is located in spain .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was the deputy minister for development and shipping .
barny cakes can be found in france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , was a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - where the book is 0 - 7156 - 6 .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
the alfa romeo 164 and the fiat croma are similar means of transport .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio 1910 .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
sheldon moldoff is the alternative name for the black pirate .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dish from the united states and new york region .
connecticut born abraham a . ribicoff was a member of the democratic party in the united states and died in new york city . he was a member of the connecticut senate .
107 camilla , discovered by m . r . pogson , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . 05 days . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
adare manor , designed by augustus pugin , is located in adare manor , which is part of the palace of westminster and the leader of westminster . one of the ethnic groups of the country is the palace of westminster and the leader of westminster is augustus pugin .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and matteo renzi and sergio mattarella .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken . the native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the native americans .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc was involved in battles in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . leon trotsky was a commander in that war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues singer who began her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and kornelije kovač .
alan bean is an american .
amarillo is part of randall county in texas .
albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war in which jefferson davis was a commander . albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war .
abradab was born in katowice , poland and is associated with the rapper kaliber 44 and the rapper magik .
malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , georgia .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
the architect of the 320 south boston building , designed by the united states air force .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war , where abraham lincoln was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater is magdalene college cambridge .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
abdul rahman ya ' kub is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub , who was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
andrews county airport ' s runway length is 8 . 0 .
elliot see died in st louis on february 28 , 1966 .
alison o ' donnell is a musician for the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was succeeded by william m . o . dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
the comic book character bolt was created by dan mishkin and ernie colon .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow and the musical artist , marry banilow .
andrew white plays alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music . nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r and it has a length of 4000 . 0 .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
the aids journal , first published in 1987 , belongs to the academic discipline hiv / aids and belongs to the academic discipline hiv .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia de marce and eric flint . the book was preceded by grantville gazette ii which is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of fat .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students and its dean is mario botta . the leader of the country is mario botta .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of commelinids .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and the airport is 18 r .
aenir is a paperback book with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and was written by garth nix .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
albany is the largest city in oregon .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician . jazz has its stylistic origins in the blues and funk is derived from jazz . funk is a derivative of jazz .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level . it is located in harrietstown , new york .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi . kerala has 250 academic staff .
ferencvarosi tc is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
the acura tlx , assembled in marysville , ohio , has a honda k engine and front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
airey neave , who began his career on 30th march 1979 , fought in world war ii and ended it on 30th march 1979 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 .
celery is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is allama iqbal international airport .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the antares rocket is similar to the delta ii , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
pop musician aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 . disco is a fusion of pop music which is a fusion of pop music .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . the dish comes from the philippines .
the municipality is bordered by the municipality of mendrisio to the north by the city of mendrisio to the north, and to the north .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
the aids journal , first published in 1987 , belongs to the academic discipline hiv / aids and belongs to the academic discipline hiv .
solo singer ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and have different names including : bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon sanger , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
elliot see died in st louis .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky and raised in dothan , al . hip hop has its origins in disco and disco .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city , new jersey is led by don guardian and has a population density of 1142 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the municipal official title of the leader of atlantic city , which has a total area of 44 . 125 sq km . km .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a diesel - electric transmission .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada and the national anthem is o canada . aaron boogaard ' s leader is elizabeth ii .
barny cakes can be found in france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
william anders was a us citizen who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type . it is owned by the p & o company located in london and has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where houston is the largest city and houston is the county seat . spanish is spoken in texas .
albuquerque is located in new mexico , in the united states , where english is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
one of the commanders in the gulf war was leon trotsky .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania and carroll county , maryland is carroll county , maryland .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is nawaz sharif .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves abilene , texas . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and its length is 546 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in sidcup .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a type of dessert and a cookie is also a type of dessert .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where sauli sipila is a leader .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the us is known as the president of the united states and the united states is barack obama .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . they play in the 2014 season and have 1500 members .
sandesh is a type of dessert , as is binignit which contains taro .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
marv wolfman won the inkpot award .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich and contains tomato .
in indonesia the language spoken is indonesian .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece .
adare manor , designed by augustus pugin , is located in adare manor , which is part of the palace of westminster and the leader of westminster . one of the ethnic groups of the country is the palace of westminster and the leader of westminster is augustus pugin .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in the united states .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
ace wilder is a solo singer and songwriter .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and is connected to the az alkmaar club . his club is psv eindhoven .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is allama iqbal international airport .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an ma in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . the capital of italy is rome .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , is the author of wolf solent and a glastonbury romance .
one of the commanders in the gulf war was leon trotsky .
paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . and acf fiorentina .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the vietnamese people .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the location of asilomar conference grounds is california and it is located in asilomar blvd .
barny cakes can be found in france where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has an issn number of 60040714 - 2421 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin . he was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter aircraft .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is located at seminary ridge , pennsylvania , united states . it is categorized as a contributing property .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is located in the country of belgium , where the french language is spoken and the leader is charles michel .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) is published by acta math . hungar . it has the issn number 83646315 - another lccn number of 83646315 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . atlantic city is part of new jersey .
singer aaron turner is a singer who has previously played with the bands isis and isis .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
aek athens fc are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea fc and used to play for chelsea fc .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the parent company of wiley - blackwell .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and is the manager of afc fylde . he has also played for stockport county f . c .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
andra is a singer whose musical genre is dance - pop , is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musical artist marius moga .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
200 public square in the united states has a floor count of 45 .
albert b . white started his career on march 4th 1905 and ended it on march 4th 1905 . he was married to agnes ward white .
alison o ' donnell is a musician for the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 . its periapsis is 279142000000 . 0 .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist who was signed to rabadash records .
alvah sabin was from vermont where the largest city is burlington . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
the creator of asterix ( comics character ) is asterix , who was french national and he is also the creator of the comic character asterix .
ace wilder is a solo singer and songwriter .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and operated by afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
aek athens fc played in the 2014 - 2015 season and they have 69618 members .
alan martin , who was born on 1 january 1989 , played for the scotland national under 21 football team and currently plays for clyde fc and clyde fc .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was the deputy minister for development and shipping .
akeem priestley ' s club is harbour view fc and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue is architecture .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is lemon which is from the antioquia department of colombia .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
alvah sabin represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington .
the amc matador has a straight - 6 engine and is assembled in thames , wisconsin . it is a mid - size car with an amc straight - 6 engine .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arròs negre comes from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
adam holloway was born in faversham and began his career on 5th may 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge .
hip hop musician allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . hip hop has its origins in disco and disco and disco .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the country is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university association .
italian born michele marcolini has played for vicenza calcio and is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . c . bari 1908 and is the manager of ac lumezzane .
the alv x - 1 has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
abel hernandez has played for central espanol and now plays for u . s . città di palermo whose manager is giuseppe iachini .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in peoria , illinois .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was born in the kingdom of sarawak and his deputy is abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul rahman ya ' kub was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
airey neave fought in world war ii , where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and is a food found in java . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for carrarese calcio . he has also managed ac chievo verona .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and gerard larcher .
andra , whose musical genre is rhythm and blues , is associated with musician marius moga .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the united states .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and hilmi guner and hilmi guner . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for carrarese calcio . he has also managed ac chievo verona .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who was once signed to deram records which is based in london . funk is a derivative of jazz .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in pakistan . the leader of pakistan is nawaz sharif .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and have different names including : bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon barm and bacon muffin . it is also known as a bacon barm .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana and the language spoken is american english .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc and they play in the superleague greece .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 .
the leader of jalisco is narendra modi .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , is the author of wolf solent and a glastonbury romance .
11264 claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
the people of denmark are called italians .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and can be found in akita , akita prefecture .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built on the neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is neptun werft who are located in rostock .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway has a length of 497 . 0 and is made from poaceae .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
london is the location of the 3 arena .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and their ground is in livorno , italy .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potatoes ( confectionery ) . it is also served as a dessert .
michigan is in the united states .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who originated from blues music .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in 1941 .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the indonesian rupiah is the leader .
akeem priestley ' s club is harbour view fc .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia and is a variation of shumai . shumai is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and is led by joko widodo .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the capital city is kuala lumpur . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
abel hernandez plays for hull city afc and the uruguay national football team . he also plays for hull city afc which is managed by steve davis .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
elliot see died in st louis .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the capital of the u . s . is austin and the largest city is fort worth .
alison o ' donnell is a musician for the band mellow candle and is associated with plastik mak .
a loyal character dancer is published in english , a language spoken in great britain . it is published in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
born in windsor , connecticut , al anderson , plays with the band nrbq and was a member of the wildweeds . he was a member of the wildweeds .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in the united states , is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists armin van buuren and bobina .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group of chinese people .
one of the languages spoken in canada is french .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in kuching . he was succeeded by adenan satem and was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 - 2421 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in nigeria and attended the technical institute kaduna state . he worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the country is the location of the aarhus university .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which belongs to the solanales family and is a member of the solanales order .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was succeeded by isaac rojas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
10 hygiea , which has an epoch date of 27th june 2015 , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
acta mathematica hungarica is published by baen books .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and has represented the club u . c . sampdoria and plays for the italian national under 17 football team .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart which contains frangipane .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
angola , indiana is 159 . 0 above sea level .
the antares rocket is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . alan shepard died in california , which is operated by nwc .
the alhambra had a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular food of singapore .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine . the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and has a length of 2777 . 0 .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf and studied at the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in gottingen .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken . a wizard of mars was published in the united states .
the architect of the 320 south boston building , designed by the united states air force .
andra is a singer whose musical genre is dance - pop , is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musical artist marius moga .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 / 19 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the leader of finland is sauli sipila and the people are known as finns .
albennie jones was born in errata mississippi and is a performer of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup . the leader of london is boris johnson and the european parliament .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
funk is a derivative of hip hop music .
connecticut born abraham a . ribicoff was a member of the democratic party in the united states and died in new york city . he was a member of the connecticut senate .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is in gubbio 1910 .
arabic is a language spoken in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and his musical genre is candombe . he is signed to odeon records and his musical genre is candombe .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s musical genre is candombe .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . the leader of the country is pietro grasso and italian is the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per sec .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . the leader of kerala is kochi .
amsterdam ' s leader is amsterdam ' s name .
atlanta is part of de kalb county in georgia and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 347 . 9 sq km and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz . doris bures is a leader in austria where austrian german is the language spoken .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is a related means of transport to the saab 9000 .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , the leader of which , is raúl fernando sendic rodríguez . montevideo is the leader of uruguay .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
1097 vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
afonso pena international airport , located in sao jose dos pinhais , is operated by infraero and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 / 19 .
alvah sabin was from vermont where the largest city is burlington . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the country is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university association .
agustin barboza is a solo singer .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the atatürk monument ( i̇zmir ) is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and its leader is ahmet davutoglu . the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the turkish lira .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
as roma ' s manager is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli calcio and manages a . s . roma .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister and juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
albany , georgia is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and the country is the location of albany .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 which is operated by arianespace and located at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s cesena and is attached to the club calcio catania .
albert b white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of the dish are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , fried egg , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in graz .
andra , whose musical genre is rhythm and blues , is associated with musician marius moga .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and christian burns . andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine and jwaydan moyine .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
rhythm and blues artist albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
addis ababa city hall , which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) , was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of new netherland .
the architecture style of adisham hall is tudor revival and is located in sri lanka .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef kway teow , beef kway teow , beef black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , oyster sauce , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the awh engineering college in the state of kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county , maryland is carroll county , maryland .
alpharetta is part of georgia , in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and written by brandon sanderson .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is candombe .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and led by the new mexico senate . the new mexico senate leads albuquerque .
augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor which is located in county limerick . he also designed the palace of westminster .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states , where english is spoken and where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
anders osborne , whose musical genre is rhythm and blues , began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists billy iuso and tab benoit .
alex day plays folk music with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell . he is associated with the musical artist charlie mc donnell .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish comes from the philippines .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff of 737 . it is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and play in the superleague greece . they play in the 2014 season and have their home games at the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company which is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length . the alco rs - 3 ( millimetres ) in length .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is in verona , italy and they have 39371 members .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin . he was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
bionico is a food found in mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is also a variation of dessert and the dish bionico .
the county seat of washtenaw county is part of the u . s .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 9 .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and is the manager of afc fylde . he has also played for stockport county f . c .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a member of the justicialist party and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war conflict where jefferson davis was a commander .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
caterpillar inc . was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the power type of the aid aluna is the aid aluna which is owned by aida cruises .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup , which is led by the labour party of the united kingdom .
107 camilla , discovered by m . r . pogson , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . 05 days . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo who was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo .
aek athens fc are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea fc and used to play for chelsea fc .
adare manor is located in adare which is part of munster county limerick and county limerick .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi . kerala has 250 academic staff .
the president of the united states is the leader of the united states . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade who was born in preußisch oldendorf .
the comic character bolt was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of fat .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and is in the netherlands national football team . he also manages az alkmaar .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and english is spoken there .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for genoa c . f . c . and now manages a . s . livorno calcio .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which is located in izmir .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi . kerala has 250 academic staff .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which is located in izmir .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alex plante , whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada in 1989 and has played for the club anyang halla .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is indianapolis .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 sq km .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington dc .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz . doris bures is a leader in austria where austrian german is the language spoken .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . the country ' s leader is sumatra and the malaysian chinese are the malaysian chinese .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
english is the language of great britain .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the significant buildings of asilomar state beach . she also designed many significant buildings including the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach .
ace wilder is an exponent of hip hop music which has its origins in funk and disco . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which is derived from hip hop music .
indian people are from india .
