abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway number is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport runway length is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located within the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is thitleri şeıtı .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
postmodern architecture is the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain designed adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , university road , university road , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds are located in architecture and arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
limerick is part of munster .
críona ní dhálaigh is a leader in dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan is a significant building in los angeles herald examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new netherland is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africa is one of the ethnic groups in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print form .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
a long long way was written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
above the veil is available in print form .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the novel castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
john cowper powys is notable for his work as a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
associazione calcio chievo verona are managed by rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera división .
the full name of afc blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of as gubbio 1910 is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season in the eredivisie .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano panucci plays for empoli calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
kerala ' s northwest is mahé , india .
mendrisio is located in the municipality of meride in the municipality of mendrisio in switzerland .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
thomas pallesen is dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 737 students .
alan bean ' s nationality is united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
california ' s gemstone is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
the creator of april o ' neil is kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
jerry ordway was the creator of the comic book series .
the full name " bo bibbo " is bo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate alternative name is jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is a united states national .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
dunwoody is the largest city in kalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is located in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of valencian community .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of colombian cuisine .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
barny cakes have 30 . 0 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from the region of indonesia .
bhajji is also known as bhaji and bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico comes from the region of jalisco .
the chicken class is a class of bird of the united states .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is spoken in new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
the malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the uk .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield and its nearest city is frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany is part of oregon ' s capital is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of the united states house of representatives and the leader is called anaheim california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has an elevation of 75 . 324 square kilometres above sea level .
arlington , texas has an elevation of 258 . 2 square kilometres above sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometres ) , and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . albany , oregon .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . amarillo , texas .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the united states is home to african americans .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany is in georgia .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the language is english .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of albuquerque , new mexico .
tomatoes are an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where italian is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia . fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of a club sandwich and a variation of the club sandwich .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion .
a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon muffin , can also be known as a bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon muffin , bacon muffin , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery belongs to the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
bandeja paisa includes chicharrón and is part of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji come from india where the people are known as indian .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are one of the ethnic groups .
banana is a main ingredient in binignit , philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a type of dessert , as is cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the arabic language is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway length is 3800 meters .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made from asphalt .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway length is 597 . 0 and its 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway length is 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero , located in brasília , is operated by infraero .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
a . c . chievo verona play in verona , italy and has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodríguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis season .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b league .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is a tenant of jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena in shuvalan , baku .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in umbria .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
as roma has been manager of as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and is available as an e book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands and was written by john cowper powys .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and was published in print & paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print form .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and the oclc number is 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' s isbn number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones and written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
john hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba , alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , which leader is kochi .
peter laird was a united states national .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
alan tudyk starred in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
jerry ordway was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the full name " bo " was created by marv wolfman and the full name " bo " .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
alan shepard served as a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
populous was the architect of 3 arena in dublin .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
adare manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road , university road , ahmedabad .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york .
adare manor is located in munster , county limerick .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and joined nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , whose leader is francis g slay .
elliot see died in st . louis , part of the kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire where the purple finch spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print form .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english , which is spoken in great britain and was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city , whose leader is alexander l . wolf .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and the issn number is 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and the issn number is 1473 - 5571 .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 4980501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp was written in the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , available in hardcover , has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
abh . math . semin . univ . hambg is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number is 32024459 .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which was followed by above the veil .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is 248 pages long .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell whose issn number is 0965 - 2140 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , was written in english and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and was published in hardcover with the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken in great britain .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog a .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of sage publications which is published by sage publications . the issn number is 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington dc .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the leader is known as the president and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and plays for a . s . d .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in lega pro / a .
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for the el salvador national football team and manages a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its chairman is antonionis milionis .
afc blackpool ( abbreviated to association football club blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who played for runcorn fc halton fc halton .
dave challinor , manager of afc fylde , plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay fc .
the fullname of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio have been manager of a . s . livorno calcio . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid f . c .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos fc .
aek athens fc are managed by gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea fc .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio acy da mata fonseca .
empoli fc are manager of a . s . roma and plays for empoli fc .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for s chieti calcio and plays for a . s . licata 1931 .
massimo drago , manager of a . s . castrovillari calcio , plays for u . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and plays for u . s . chieti calcio .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john madin , was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors and 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 320 south boston building has 22 floors and is located in the united states . george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena , north wall quay and completed in december 2008 .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark and has 23 floors .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it has 23 floors .
augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor which was born in bloomsbury and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the mason school of business is located in the united states . the current tenant of alan b . miller hall is the mason school of business .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds are located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths in avenue a , manhattan was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed the labour party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is hailemariam desalegn .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
the united states is home to asian americans and is home to albany . albany is the country ' s country where the country is home to albany .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque is called the new mexico senate and has 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington dc .
anaheim , california has the utc offset of - 7 , anaheim , california , has 131 . 6 square kilometres and a total area of 657 .
anaheim , california is part of the california state senate , which is lead by the california state senate and is lead by the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , united states . the leader of the united states is antioch costa county and the leader is called the house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat is fort worth , tarrant county .
atlanta is located in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington dc .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
the largest city in new jersey is newark , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city is new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of the state of washington , united states where washington is the capital .
auburn , washington is part of the state of washington , united states . the capital of the country is olympia and the country is the location of auburn .
the capital of georgia is atlanta ( u . s . ) . the country is part of the u . s . and the country is part of the country .
madison county , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states where the capital is trenton , new jersey .
the largest city in texas is arlington . the english language is spoken in texas and the largest city is arlington .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . attica county is part of fountain county , indiana .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . fountain county is part of fountain county , indiana .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , united states . one of the ethnic groups there are asian americans .
the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany is albany . the country is part of benton county .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the language is albany and the country is also spoken .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and its runway name is 10 r / 28 l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid , spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which is headquartered in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states , is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital and english is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where tejano is the demonym for people .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the port authority of new york and new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid where ahora is a leader .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where ahora madrid is the leader .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carrol county is southeast of adams county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . carrol county is southeast of adams county , maryland .
the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located in baku , the native name of the memorial in azerbaijan and is known as titi anıtiti .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . it is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arem - arem includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the flowering plant family and is a member of the solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and includes tomatoes .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich and contains lettuce .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt and club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york region .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states and new york region .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , a cookie is a type of dessert .
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . it comes from the derbyshire dales region .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from the country of indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader and the currency is the indian rupee .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , which can be served as a cookie .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert , which is a cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , which can be served as a cookie .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
granola is an ingredient in bionico , a food found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital is rome .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
tomato belongs to the order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
kerala ' s leader is kochi . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the state is northwest of kerala .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , whose anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the film starred in the film big hero 6 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the distributor of walt disney studios motion pictures .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and is a distributor of walt disney studios .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
ernie colon and gary cohn created the comic book character bolt who has the alternative name larry bolatinsky .
103 colmore row in birmingham was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is cape town .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and is governed by cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a cost of 110 million dollars .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
300 north la salle , illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . it is owned by live nation entertainment .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , designed by architect 3 xn , is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , county limerick . limerick is part of limerick and county council .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan where the vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia was completed on june 1st , 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , are located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york . cyrus vance jr is a leader in new york city .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states where gale brewer is a leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the postcode area is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham ( lead by labour party ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders in india .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where 20 fenchurch street is located . london is the capital of the united kingdom and is lead by the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader and the leader is known as the president .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is located in the united states . it falls under the category of contributing property .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan .
the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11th , 1907 in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 in i ̇ zmir , turkey .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . the country is home to native americans and albany .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 486 . 2 square kilometres and a total area of 505 . 575 ( 575 ) , new mexico has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . it is the location of the alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas .
anaheim , california is part of the california state assembly and is lead by the california state assembly . the spanish language is spoken in the state of anaheim , california .
the population density of anderson , indiana , is 107 . 43 ( inhabitants per square kilometres ) , is 107 . 0 ( square kilometres ) , anderson , indiana .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the total area of angola is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a total area of 102372 . 925 square kilometres and a total area of 102372 . antioch , california .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 609 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 609 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometres . the leader of atlantic city is mayors .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn , washington , d . c . pierce county is part of pierce county , washington , united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of king county .
the largest city in austin , texas , is houston , which hays county is part of san marcos and hays county , texas .
anaheim , california is part of the california state assembly and is the location of the california state assembly . the chinese language is spoken in california and the leader is anaheim .
atlanta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . it is part of the u . s . and is the location of atlanta ( part of the u . s . ) .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis , indiana .
the largest city in texas , united states , is arlington . the largest city in texas is arlington and the largest city is houston .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany , oregon . one of the ethnic groups in the united states are african americans and one of the ethnic groups there are the african americans .
atlantic city is located in the united states where the largest city is washington d . c . is the largest city in new jersey .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s leader is known as the president .
the leader of the united states is john sánchez albuquerque . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico ' s leader is called the new mexico senate and the country ' s leader is john sánchez albuquerque .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany , oregon . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is lead by the president of albuquerque , new mexico .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and albany is the location of albany , georgia .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country is home to the angola language .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the country is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 . he is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , has managed ac chievo verona and plays for both f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona and manages the a . c . lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its chairman is antonionis milionis . they play in the a epsth 2nd group .
stuart parker is the leader of blackpool where the conservative party ( uk ) is the home ground of afc blackpool .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool ' s ground is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde , lancashire .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to association football club fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is located in bryning lane .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv f . c . . . he is the manager of acf fiorentina .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece . they played in the superleague greece 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by jong ajax nv . the tenant of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is jong ajax .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( amateurs ) , whose nickname is joden godenzonen . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom plays for the netherlands national football team and plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in alagoas . the champions of this league are vila nova futebol clube and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
peter stoger plays for fk austria wien and sk vorwärts steyr . he is manager of 1 . fc admira wacker modling .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and the name is 18 l / 36 r .
agr is the icao location identifier for agra airport which is located in india and is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and the name is 09 r / 27 l .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is operated by the united states air force and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r aalsmeerbaan .
andrews county airport , located in texas , is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 973 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and tejano is the name of the people .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and english is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat , turkmenistan .
located in spata , athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level and serves the city of athens .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian and served by atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where charles michel is the leader and german is spoken .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . french is spoken in belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of commelinids .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is based in broadcasting house and broadcast bananaman .
bananaman first aired on october 3rd , 1983 and starred jill shilling . it was broadcast by stv and steve bright .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was created by american duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al . it has 512 pages and the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 4980501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , was published in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of math . hungar . the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . it comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and the issn number is 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) was published by the polish academy of sciences . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
john hopkins university press published the american journal of mathematics which is based in the united states . the parent company of john hopkins university press was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the language spoken in great britain is english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 minutes in space and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) served as a crew member of apollo 8 where chris patten was a representative and frank borman was a representative .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . served as a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders joined nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot before being selected by nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges river is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the sport is offered by the tennis federation for sport .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokate and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . kerala ' s leader is kochi and it has 250 academic staff .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteaptă - te romanne !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of spain is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are one of the ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and sumatra . minangkabau people are an ethnic group from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and are popular in the uk . the blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon cob , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon cob , bacon muffin , bacon muffin , bacon muffin , bacon muffin , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and cookie are an ethnic group .
baked alaska is from the united states and paris , new york or hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska which comes from the united states and china .
baked alaska is from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell pudding which originates from the derbyshire dales region . it originates from the derbyshire dales region .
bakso is a food found nationwide in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots , and beef broth .
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , black pudding ( morcilla ) , lemon and lemon .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , oyster ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which contains shiitake and is found in indonesia .
batchoy is eaten in la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and chilli .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and chilli .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables and comes from the karnataka region .
gram flour and vegetables are alternative names for bhajji which originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
sweet potato , of the flowering plant order of solanales , are an ingredient in binignit along with sago .
binignit comes from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
granola is an ingredient in bionico , a food found in jalisco , mexico .
sour cream , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is a food from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and cookie .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and tapioca is one of the ingredients .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore where tony tan is the leader and baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the ilocano people and zamboangans .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines where philippine english is spoken and cookie is a type of dessert .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines where they speak philippine english and sandesh .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is followed by ring of fire ii . it is written in english by virginia de marce and eric flint .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is located in ithaca , new york . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and its president is elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
the novel aenir is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by the violet keystone castle . the novel was written by australians into battle and followed by into battle .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where the leader is known as the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is spoken in great britain .
albany is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president and there are many asian americans . the country is the location of albany , georgia . the country is home to many asian americans .
the largest city in georgia is atlanta , georgia , united states . the country ' s native americans are an ethnic group in georgia and the largest city is atlanta , georgia . the country is part of the u . s . and the country is home to native americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is washington dc and the language is english .
amarillo is part of the state of texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language is english . the country is also spoken in the state of texas .
the capital of texas ( united states ) is austin . it is part of potter county , texas , united states . the country ' s language is english and the country is english .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the population is 523 . 9 square kilometres and it is part of anderson , madison county , indiana . it is 523 square kilometres .
the leader of the state of california is antioch contra costa county , which is part of the state of california . the country ' s leader is contra costa county , california , which is lead by the spanish assembly .
atlanta is part of de kalb county , georgia . it has a total area of 344 . 9 square kilometres and a total area of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometres .
attica , indiana is part of attica , indiana in the united states . it is 166 . 0 square kilometres above sea level and has the total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it is part of king county , washington and has a population of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometres .
the english language is spoken in austin , part of williamson county , texas . the largest city is williamson county , and the largest city is austin . the largest city in williamson county is williamson county , texas .
the largest city in austin , texas , is houston . the largest city in texas is hays county , texas and the largest city is san marcos . english is spoken in texas .
the largest city in texas is houston , the largest city in texas . hays county is the largest city in texas and hays county is part of the dallas – fort marcos .
the capital of indiana is indianapolis which is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the country ' s language is english and the city is indianapolis is part of indiana .
the largest city in texas is arlington . it is the county seat of fort worth county , texas . the spanish language is spoken in texas and the largest city is arlington .
austin is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the largest city is fort worth county and the capital is austin . the largest city is austin .
white americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new jersey . the largest city in the u . s . is home to white americans .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . albany , oregon .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . albany is the location of the u . s . asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . one of the ethnic groups of the country are the african americans and the language is english .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . lee county is the location of auburn , alabama , which is part of lee county , alabama .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where auburn is located . the country is part of auburn , alabama , which is part of lee county , alabama , which is home to the ethnic group of native americans .
the largest city in new jersey is newark , new jersey , united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in new jersey and the capital is trenton , new jersey .
the leader of the united states is barack obama and the language is albuquerque . the country is lead by president barack obama . the country is the location of the u . s .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the language is english .
akron , ohio , united states is lead by barack obama and native americans . the capital of the country is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is native americans .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the country is the location of albany .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , located in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property . carrol county lies to the north of adams county and to the southeast . carrol county is to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the national assembly is the national assembly .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is ankara . the atatürk monument is located .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and it is affiliated with the european university association .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and the ganges is the largest city in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and steven t . seagle .
michele marcolini has been manager of a . c . lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio and plays for both vicenza calcio and pietro grasso .
stuart parker is a member of the stockport county f . c . blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc . the leader of blackpool is the labour party ( uk ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and the italian language is spoken . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and the leader is sergio mattarella .
aek athens f . c . is the home ground of aek athens fc which is located in marousi . the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where rome is the capital and pietro grasso is the leader . italian is spoken there and the people are known as italians .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian is the official language .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian peninsula .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients are sausage and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in the country and the capital is washington dc .
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bread and bacon muffin . the dish is also known as a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the dish is popular in the uk .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls is a leader . baked alaska is from hong kong and gerard larcher is a leader .
lemon is part of the rutaceae family and is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department in colombia .
barny cakes come from france where french is spoken and francois hollande are leaders . the country ' s leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of batagor which contains peanut sauce and comes from .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of the siomay dish , which contains shiitake .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of batagor which contains shiitake .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . the dish comes from the karnataka region .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leader is t . s . thakur and where the people are known as sumitra jubhai vala .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur are leaders .
sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico , a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken . bionico is a food served as a dessert . honey is a leader in mexico .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and honey .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where carles puigdemont is the leader and felipe vi is the leader .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders . the capital is rome and the people are known as italians .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where italian is spoken and the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet comes from . the dish can be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore , where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . zamboangans and philippine spanish are ethnic groups in the philippines . one of the languages in the country is arabic and one of the languages is arabic .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . susana diaz is the leader of spain where spanish is spoken and spaniards are an ethnic group .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spain , where felipe vi of spain is the leader and spaniards are the people .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot . he is retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and became a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
alan shepard died in california where dianne feinstein is a crew member of apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard was an american who was born in new hampshire . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 14 l / 32 r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and its runway name is 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft in the united states air force and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon in 1986 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed c - 130 attack aircraft were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 733 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it serves the city of lahore .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states , has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the runway name is 7 / 25 and has a length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states , has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and serves the city of alpena .
located in icolo e bengo , angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . two of the leaders of that country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . two of the leaders of that country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s capital is charles michel and the leader is philippe of belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of atlantic county international airport is kacy township , new jersey .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york which is part of harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport and is operated by the indian air force .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport and the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and fuad masum . arabic is spoken there .
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader and the capital is springfield .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and faroese is spoken .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the country ' s tenant is bill marriott and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the republic is enda kenny and the palace of westminster .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a height of 42 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō . the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
the mason school of business is located in virginia , united states . the mason school of business is owned by the college of william and mary and is owned by robert a m stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in ampara , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and austin fernando .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri jayawardenepura kotte . the capital of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the governing body is the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds in los angeles herald examiner was the architect of the asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the riverside art museum . she also designed significant buildings including hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . cyrus vance jr is the leader of manhattan , new netherland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john clancy , who was born in birmingham . the city council is lead by the labour politician john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as president barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast . carrol county is to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on july 11 , 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal higher than department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born on 15 june 1981 ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission along with alfred worden as backup pilot . he retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 along with william anders as backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as backup pilot . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . in 1962 . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is the church of denmark . the monarchy of denmark is the monarchy of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the dean of the school is lars lokke rasmussen and the dean is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in mumbai , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and its largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle and its anthem is deșteaptă - te !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the largest city is ankara . the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in turkey , where the currency is the turkish lira and the largest city is istanbul .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is ankara . the atatürk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta and its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute is located in the state of karnataka .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai , karnataka . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . telangana is to the northeast of telangana and is governed by the arabian sea to the northeast .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen and social sciences at the aarhus university which is affiliated with the european university association . the dean is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a crew member on apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 along with alfred worden as backup pilot .
edwin e . aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , where william anders was a backup pilot .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on september 1 , 1969 . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman as backup pilot . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and joined nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot on apollo 8 . he spent 8820 minutes in space .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya kub in office while vice president tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud party parti bumiputera sarawak is a malaysian political party .
abdul taib mahmud 's successor sulaiman abdul rahman taib taib taib .
abdulsalami abubakar active for years at the end of 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state , nigeria .
abner w . sibal active for years at the end of 1965 .
abner w sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway , the residence of gravesend , was the first president of the united states .
adenan satem graduated from the university of adelaide .
adolf schärf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is a greek politician who is currently in office while the largest while the chief minister of antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis , office ( worked at at as deputy minister for development for competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in the place of the same place , and he moved to oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave active years ' s start date was in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave won the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
the airey neave military is a military rank of lieutenant colonel in the united states army .
the airey neave service started in 1935 , and the following year , it was named after him , the first president of the united states to start his own year in 1935 .
the republican party ( united states ) is the republican party of the united states .
albert b . white spouse agnes ward is located in the town of agnes .
albert jennings fountain and the military branch of the union army .
alberto teisaire is a spanish national .
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales active for years at the start of 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales battles at the battle of gettysburg .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips office ( worked at at as mayor of stamford , connecticut ) .
allan shivers active for years at the start of 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers of the confederate military branch of the united states army .
allan shivers , a successor to price daniel , is an american politician who served as the 44th president of the united states from 2010 to 2019 .
alvah sabin active for years at the start of 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) is a political party in the united states .
american civil war commander robert e . lee .
austrian is the language spoken in austria .
the battle of antietam commander is robert e . lee .
the battle of cold harbor is part of the military conflict of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
the gulf war commander colin powell .
john f kennedy predecessor is dwight d eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from the university of vienna .
francisco franco is the predecessor of juan carlos i of spain .
juan perón ' s party is located in argentina .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
the united states army fought in the spanish – american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name for dodge is dodge coronet .
the 1955 dodge engine is 230 feet long .
a - rosa luna christening was founded in 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aid aluna is operated by aida cruises .
aid astella christening was born on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
aid astella was completed on 2013 - 03 - 11 .
aid astella maiden voyage 2013 - 03 - 17 .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 is a launch site at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the alternative name for amc matador is " american motors " .
ara veinticinco de mayo is in the netherlands and is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupé engine was designed by straight - four engine .
the acura tlx engine , honda k engine , and honda k engine .
the acura tlx layout awd is a luxury car .
acura tlx is related to mean of transportation honda accord .
the acura tlx transmission is 9 - speed zf 9 .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly was the first alfa romeo 164 assembly to arese .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to mean " transportation lancia thema " .
the alfa romeo 164 transmission is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4 hp18 qe ) .
alhambra , builder samuda brothers , and it is also known as the alhambra company .
the alhambra ship is beam . 8 m .
alhambra status has been wrecked in the early 1980s and early 1990s , and has been the site of a number of high-rise buildings .
alhambra was top speed 18 . 52 .
the alvis speed 25 engine is a four-cylinder internal combustion engine in the cylinder - six engine .
the alvis speed 25 model was the first model of the year in 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 ship draft is 4 . 6 m .
antares rocket was the first flight in the 2014 – 28 season .
antares rocket , or launch site mid - atlantic regional spaceport , is a launch site at vandenberg air spaceport .
gabriela michetti is a leader in argentina .
ariane 5 was an expendable launch site at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
ariane 5 maiden flight is 2005 - 08 - 11 .
the body of the aston martin v8 is convertible .
the aston martin v8 manufacturer is aston martin .
the aston martin virage manufacturer of aston martin in the united kingdom .
the atlas ii final of the flight is 1998 - 03 - 16 .
atlas ii was an american expendable launch site at vandenberg air force base in california .
audi was founded in august 1919 .
the audi a1 assembly , audi a1 assembly , and audi brussels .
audi a1 is related to mean " transportation seat ibiza " .
caterpillar inc .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
de soto custom is related to mean " transportation chrysler newport " .
fiat croma is related to mean " transportation alfa romeo 164 " .
germans are the people of germany .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo was founded by giovanni lazio .
the headquarters of the guiana space centre is in kourou , french guiana .
honda k engine manufacturer is honda .
the united states anthem the star - spangled the banner of the united states in the early 19th century .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernández plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernández plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad club , iraq national football team as a member of the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent , former team of the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley club , connecticut huskies , and the huskies .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra is basim qasim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc position in qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra club sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov jr . club is in florida .
aleksander barkov jr has a height of 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov jr . is in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
aleksandr prudnikov club , fc amkar perm , is a russian professional football club based in prudnikov .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli club is fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli was a member of the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli youthclub is in a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus league turkish basketball super league is the highest professional basketball league in turkey .
atlanta falcons the city of atlanta and the atlanta metropolitan area .
the manager of boston bruins general is don sweeney .
budapest is located in hungary .
english is spoken in canada .
slavey is a language spoken in canada .
columbus , blue jackets city is located in columbus , ohio .
fc karpaty lviv manager oleh luzhny , is a russian football player and former player .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
ferencvárosi tc , the chairman of gárs kubatov , is the chief executive officer of ferencvárosi tc .
finnish is spoken in finland .
italy national under - 16 football team coach daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean - michel aulas .
st . louis . is located in st . louis .
tennessee ' s titans city are located in nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram 's active years after the start of the following year .
aaron deer is associated with the band 's early name / associated with the musical artist the horns of happiness .
aaron deer , a record label , is a canadian independent independent independent rock label that kill rock stars .
aaron turner is a genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is a genre of progressive metal .
abradab is a canadian rock singer and singer , songwriter , and singer .
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab , a genre of hip hop music , is a genre of popular hip hop music .
agustín barboza is a genre of guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew , a genre of rock music , is a genre of rock music .
albennie jones is a canadian rock band associated with the band / associated with musical artist sammy price .
aleksandra kovač , is a romanian singer and singer who has served as a solo singer .
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovač is a genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovač is a genre of soul music .
alex day is a genre of synthpop music that originated in the late 1970s .
alfredo zitarrosa was associated with the band / associated with musical artist héctor numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa 's first record label , rca records and rca records .
alison o donnell active active years later , in 1963 , alison became a member of the board of directors of the board of trucks , beginning in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell genre is a genre of jazz music in the united states .
alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
allen 's forrest as a genre of pop music in the united states in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist johnny sansone .
anders osborne is a genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne and record label alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is a genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel , active for two years , was selected to start for the first year in 2009 .
andrew rayel was associated with the band in 2003 / associated with a musical artist christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chișinău , moldova .
andrew white , who is associated with the band / associated with musical artist marry banilow .
andrew white , musician , record label b - unique records .
asunción is part of gran asunción .
christian burns the instrument is an american rock band from new york city , new york city , united states .
hip hop music music is a subgenre of gangsta rap music that emerged in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
hip hop music stylistic origin funk is a subgenre of hip hop music that emerged in the united states during the late 1970s and early 1970s .
indie rock stylistic origin , new wave music , is a genre of rock music that emerged in the united states during the late 1970s and early 1970s .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
rca records is an american record label based in sony music entertainment .
rock and roll stylistic is an american rock band from chicago , illinois .
synthpop stylistic is a genre of popular music that was developed in the late 1970s by stylistic origin of pop music .
british people are from the united kingdom .
the 1994 vk8 density is 2 . 0 gram per square metres cubic centiic .
29075 1950 da discoverer carl a wirtanen .
410777 2009 fd absolute magnitude is 22 . 1 .
410777 is 2009 fd apoapsis , 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
66063 is the 1998 ro1 apoapsis 25498570 .
66063 is the 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 .
1000 piazzia is the location of the total population of 0 . 0252 ( kilometre per seconds ) .
1001 gaussia former name 1923 oa907 xc is a dutch professional football club based in gaussia .
1001 gaussia is a maximum temperature . 0 kelvins .
101 helena apoapsis 441092000 .
101 helena epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 is a retired american expendable launch system .
101 helena mass is 3 . 0 kilograms .
1036 ganymed an average speed of 16 . 86 kilometre per seconds .
103 hera absolute magnitude is 7 . 66 .
103 hera mass is 7 . 9 .
107 camilla absolute magnitude is 7 . 08 .
107 camilla is the discoverer of a . storrs .
1089 tama former name " a894 va " is a dutch former professional name for a904 vd ; it is also known as a904 vd .
1089 tama orbital period was 1202 . 846 .
1097 vicia is the average speed of 17 . 92 kilometre per seconds .
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
1097 vicia has a rotation period of 95040 . 0 .
109 felicitas is a discoverer of the christian heinrich friedrich peters .
109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 kilometre per seconds .
1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
11264 claudiomaccone temperature is 173 . 0 kelvins .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
the birth place of n . r . pogson is nottingham .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart of aaron s . daggett .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award .
abdul rahman ya kub has a deputy prime minister stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul rahman ya kub .
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud mahmud of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna abdulsalami abubakar graduated from the university of kaduna .
born in niger state , niger state , nigeria , abdulsalami has worked as a chief of defence staff .
abdulsalami abubakar office ( nigeria ) was responsible for the chief of the defence staff . he has worked for abdulsalami abubakar as its successor , al - amin daggash .
abdulsalami abubakar , a successor to olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar 's successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar in office while vice president mike akhigbe .
abner w . sibal battles during world war ii , and commander joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal military branch of the united states army who fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent , adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway residence gravesend adam holloway was born in kent .
adam koc fought in the second world war i adam koc award , virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , adonis worked as deputy prime spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is a deputy prime minister who worked as the deputy prime spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant , who was born in the city of falls , oldendorf , agnes , kant office ( worked as a leader ) .
airey neave won the military cross airey neave unit , royal artillery .
airey and neave battles began on 1974 - 03 - 04 - 04 - neave active .
the airey of neave was involved in the battle of france and the commander is hugo luciano rle .
airey and neave battles during world war ii airey neave was born in knightsbridge .
airey neave was involved in the world war ii commander franklin d . roosevelt .
airey and neave battles during world war ii , the world war ii commander joseph stalin .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in doña ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain in office while vice president edmund j . davis , albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city , united states .
alberto teisaire , who worked for the argentine senate alberto teisaire , was the successor of isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and was the son of alfons gorbach .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and was the birth place of tyrol .
alfred moore scales office , who has worked at at at the same ( governor of north carolina ) , and is the successor to james w . reid .
alfred moore scales , a successor to daniel gould fowle , who graduated from princeton university and graduated from princeton university .
born in connecticut , alfred n phillips worked as a member of the united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips is a military branch of the united states army who fought in the american civil war .
allan shivers fought in the second world war ii as commander joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he worked as a member of the state senate and served as a member of the state senate .
the allan shivers office , who worked at at the port arthur allan shivers , is the successor of ben ramsey .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 and was secretary of state of vermont .
the currency of the netherlands is euro agnes kant .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes .
parkersburg , west virginia is located in the united states and is the location of the country ' s albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder aaron boogaard .
abel hernández , manager of the club peñarol peñarol , and manager jorge orosmán da silva .
abel hernández is in the u . s . città di palermo abel hernández plays for peñarol .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team , adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven adam maher , who played for the netherlands national football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . ahmad kadhim assad assad club and sc shorta sc .
akeem adams , manager of ferencvárosi tc ferencvárosi , is the manager of the club tc ferencvárosi tc .
akeem adams played for the trinidad and tobago national football team and the akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers former team of the new england patriots akeem ayers draft pick 39 .
akeem ayers former team former tennessee titans akeem ayers draft pick 39 .
akeem was born on 27 july 1987 in dent , 1987 .
akeem priestley club , connecticut huskies akeem priestley club sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley club , ro ps akeem priestley club sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra club , al khor sports club , is a qatari professional football club based in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra club is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for leeds united f . c .
the ground of alan martin ( footballer ) is in hamilton academical , new douglas park .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 - 02 .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and is the son of aleksander barkov jr .
aleksandr chumakov , manager of fc torpedo moscow , has been manager of fc torpedo moscow and petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov played for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc tom tomsk in the russian football league .
aleksandre guruli club , fc karpaty lviv aleksandre guruli , club fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba , 1989 alex plante .
alex tyus club pallacanestro cantù alex tyus was born on 1988 - 08 - 08 - 08 .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league , alex tyus club and maccabi tel aviv b . c .
brandon , manitoba , led by the conservative party of canada , is the location of brandon .
the anthem of canada is o canada adam mc quaid , who was born in canada .
the language of canada is adam mc quaid who was born in canada .
fc dinamo batumi manager levan khomeriki aleksandre guruli , who played for fc dinamo batumi .
fc spartak moscow ' s ground is otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc spartak moscow .
ro ps play in the veikkausliiga akeem priestley club and ro ps .
united petrotrin f . c . is part of the united petrotrin football club and currently plays for the club of the palo seco .
aaron deer , as a genre of psychedelia aaron deer and instrument guitar .
aaron deer 's origin to the united states aaron deer of origin in indiana .
aaron turner is associated with the band 's band / associated with musical artist twilight .
aaron turner and instrument singing aaron turner as a genre of avant - garde metal .
abradab has been associated with the band / associated with musical artist magik .
abradab was born on 20 july 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice abradab .
ace " wilder " is a genre of hip hop music hip hop music stylistic of disco .
ace wilder 's record label , warner music group ace wilder , and background solo singer .
agustín barboza was born in place of paraguay , agustín barboza , the record label philips records .
alan frew is a genre of rock music and rock music fusion as a genre of bhangra .
alan frew is a genre of rock music stylistic origin in the country of music .
albennie jones , as a genre of jazz stylistic origin for blues .
aleksandra kovač , a genre of pop music aleksandra kovač , solo singer , and songwriter .
aleksandra kovač is a genre of rhythm and blues and blues stylistic origin in blues .
aleksandra kovač , a genre of soul music aleksandra kovač , began his early years in 1990 .
alex day , a genre of synthpop synthpop stylistic origin in new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa , a background background of solo singer , alfredo zitarrosa , is a genre of milonga music .
alfredo zitarrosa , a background background of solo singer , alfredo zitarrosa , as a genre taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay , alfredo zitarrosa .
alfredo zitarrosa , as a genre of zamba , artform , alfredo zitarrosa , and background singer .
alison o ' donnell associated with the band / associated with his musical artist plastik mak , alison o ' donnell associated with the band / associated with a musical artist bajik .
alison o ' donnell genre , a folk rock alison o ' donnell record label , floating during world records .
alison o ' donnell genre is a genre of jazz , alison o ' donnell instrument voice bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
allen 's forrest as a genre of hip hop music , allen forrest , and background solo singer .
alternative to rock music , also known as " subgenre christian rock " , is also known as andrew white .
anders osborne is associated with the band / associated with his musical artist phil lesh and friends anders osborne , associated with the band / associated with the musical artist tab benoit benoit .
anders osborne , as a genre of rhythm and blues , osborne , record label rabadash records .
anders osborne , as a genre of rhythm and blues , osborne , record label shanachie records .
andra ( singer ) is a genre of pop music and started in 2000 .
andra ' s singer is rhythm and blues and blues stylistic .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with a musical artist christian burns andrew rayel , associated with the band / associated with a musical artist jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is associated with the band of the band / associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel , associated with the band 's name mark sixma .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel , associated with the band 's armin van buuren .
andrew white , also known as " alternative rock stylistic " , is a genre of new wave music .
the country music instrument is home to the instrument banjo al anderson and nrbq band .
polydor records is located in london and has the record label polydor records .
the 1994 vk8 escape city ( 1994 0925 ) is a city in the state of karnataka . it has a population of 663633000 . 0 ( 1994 ) and a population of 663633000 . 0 .
410777 , 2009 fd apoapsis , 259776702 . 47055 kilometres , is located in kelvins and has a population of 410777 .
410777 , 2009 fd periapsis , 88234300000 . 0 ( 410777 ) and fd discoverer spacewatch .
66063 is the 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 11 . 0999 is 6063 and the ro1 escape city is located in the city .
66391 is the 1999 kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 and 66391 epoch orbital period 16244700 . 0 .
66391 is the 1999 kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 and has a rotation period of 953 . 28 .
101 helena discoverer james craig watson , james craig watson , and his death cause peritonitonitis .
the average speed of 1036 kilometre per ( 1036 seconds ) is 1036 ganymed by apoapsis 61000 . 0 kilometres .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade was born in german empire .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , is an american and a us national .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson , james craig watson , the son of his death cause peritonitonitis .
the nationality of 103 hera discoverer james craig watson is canada .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ; 1089 : tama ; former name a919 ha : 1089 ; hungarian : 1089 } .
1089 tama temperature is 179 . 0 kelvins and 1089 tama apoapsis 3735000 . 0 kilometres .
1097 vicia epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 , 1097 vicia periapsis 279140000 . 0 .
109 felicitas apoapsis 5233000 . 0 kilometres is 109 felicitas . 0 .
109 felicitas epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 , 109 felicitas periapsis 28000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas was a rotation period of 47487 . 6 . 109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the 10 hygiea apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres of hygiea temperature , 164 . 0 .
10 hygiea former name a900 ga 10 hygiea epoch in 2015 - 06 - 27 .
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia mass 6 .
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia orbital period was 142603000 . 0 .
a - rosa luna ship class cruise ship is 125800 . 0 metres long .
a - rosa luna ship ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 a rosa luna length is 125800 . 0 .
aida cruises is located in germany and is operated by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock aid aluna .
aid aluna ' s top speed is 40 . 744 aid aluna and its length is 252000 . 0 .
aid astella christening was completed in 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 .
alco rs - 3 builder is a diesel-electric locomotive works with alco rs - 3 power .
the alv x - 1 diameter is 1 . 524 metres and alv x - 1 rocket stages 2 .
the amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador model years 1974 .
the architect of amc matador was richard a teague , who employer chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo is located in argentina and has a length of 19millililimetres .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly of milan is related to the mean of transportation saab 9000 .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to mean mean of transportation , fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly , italy .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to mean mean of transportation and lancia thema alfa romeo 164 assembly , italy .
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company , which is located in the city of coventry .
the alvis speed is 25 . silent and all - silent , and all syncromesh centre change lever , open tubular propellor with metal . it is the location of the alvis 2 . 0 metres above sea level .
alvis speed , 25 transmission , single plate , clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all silent , and all syncromesh centre change lever , open tubular propellor with metal .
american motors ' s successor is the eagle ( automobile ) .
antares rocket , or maiden flight 2014 - 01 - 09 antares , is a rocket launch site in mid 2014 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti ara veinticinco de mayo .
ariane 5 is an expendable launch site at ela - 3 , the lead manufacturer for airbus defence and space .
airbus defence and space is the parent company of airbus and space .
the aston martin v8 assembly of the united kingdom is related to the mean of transportation aston martin rham / 1 .
the aston martin v8 manufacturer of aston martin v8 , which virage the aston martin v8 successor to aston martin .
aston martin v8 is related to the mean of transportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 whose successor is aston martin virage .
the aston martin v8 successor , aston martin virage , is an automobile manufacturer of aston martin virage .
the atlas ii final flight of the flight is 1998 - 03 - 16 atlas ii and a diameter of 3 . 04 m .
atlas ii was an american expendable launch site at cape canaveral air force station and atlas ii manufacturer lockheed martin .
audi a1 manufacturer audi , audi division of audi e - tron .
audi a1 manufacturer audi is the subsidiary of the ducati manufacturer audi .
audi a1 manufacturer audi and audi subsidiary quattro gmb h .
caterpillar inc . key person is douglas r . luciano helman aid aluna power .
delta ii is a launch site at vandenberg air force base in antares ( rocket ) , in comparable to delta ii .
finland ' s leader is juha sipilä and the leader of finland is chirikov .
general dynamics electric boat parent company general dynamics american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat .
mtu friedrichshafen is owned by rolls - royce holdings a - rosa luna and power type of mtu friedrichen .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 assembly is the united kingdom .
aaron s daggett , who was born in maine , was awarded the purple heart heart of aaron s . daggett .
ab klink graduated from erasmus university and rotterdam ab klink party christian democratic appeal ab klink was born in the netherlands .
abdul rahman ya kub has been born in the kingdom of sarawak and abdul taib mahmud mahmud .
abdul taib mahmud residence of sarawak abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and abdul taib party barisan ra ayat jati .
born in niger state , abdulsalami abubakar graduated from the university of kaduna abdulsalami office ( abubakar ) , who worked as chief of the defence staff .
abdulsalami abubakar is the successor of olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar , military branch of the nigerian air force , olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar , in office , while while while the vice president is atiku abubakar abubakar abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar is the successor of olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar , military branch of the nigerian army olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar .
abel caballero , who was born in galicia , spain , was a member of the abel caballero office .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was a member of the abel caballero party .
abner w sibal was involved in the world war ii and the commander is joseph stalin .
abner w sibal office was born in ridgewood , connecticut . he was a member of the republican party of the united states senate who served as a member of the 26th district , abner district .
adam holloway was involved in the gulf war , commander george h . w . bush , adam holloway , military branch of grenadier guards .
adam holloway was born in faversham adam holloway , who graduated from magdalene college , cambridge , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress , poland , polish war commander leon trotsky .
adam koc is part of the polish civil war and was involved in the polish civil war .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked as a deputy prime spokesman of popular orthodox rongeorgiadis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked as a minister for health adonis georgiadis office .
adonis georgiadis is in new democracy , greece . the office of while the prime minister of antonis samaras is the leader of the blue adonis georgiadis party .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes , who worked as a member of the netherlands . he has worked as a member of the house of representatives .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes kant .
agnes kant , who was born in west germany , graduated from radboud university and graduated from radboud university in nijmegen .
airey neave was one of the main battles of world war ii , airey neave active for active years at the end of 1979 - 03 - 06 - 06 - 30 airey active in the end of 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey and neave battles began on 1974 - 03 - 04 - 04 airey neave active in the neave active years before the end of 1974 .
albert b . white was born on 25 july 1856 in 1856 and died in albert b . white .
albert b . white spouse agnes ward , who was born in marietta , ohio , and is the successor to william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings was born in staten island , new york and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire , whose leader is horacio rodríguez , is the governing body of buenos aires city , which is lead by horacio rodríguez larreta .
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
born in austria , alfons gorbach died in graz alfons and died in graz alfons .
alfred n phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a successor to albert e . austin , who worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut .
alfred n phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , was a successor to albert e . austin . he worked as a member of the house of representatives for the u . s . house of representatives .
allan shivers office , who worked at at the port of cousiners in the state of texas . he was a member of the democratic party of the u . s . senate , and the democratic party is the democratic party of the united states .
alvah sabin was active in the early years at the end of 1857 - 03 - 03 - 03 - alvah sabin region , vermont .
henry clay is the leader of the united states . alvah sabin party was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 in the united states .
the whig party ( born in georgia , united states ) is the home of the whig party ( whose leader is daniel webster alvah sabin ) .
american civil war commander abraham lincoln albert jennings fountain was born in the united states during the american civil war .
the american civil war commander jefferson davis is jefferson davis , part of the battle of fredericksburg , which is part of the military conflict .
the leader of austria is doris bures alfons gorbach who died in austria .
the leader of austria is doris bures alfons gorbach who died in austria .
the leader of austria is doris bures alfons gorbach died in austria .
the battle of salem church commander robert e . lee is part of the salem church , part of the military conflict of the american civil war and aaron s daggett battles .
the currency of the netherlands is euro ab klink , who was born in stellendam ab klink .
poland ' s language is polish . the language of the polish language is adam koc and kashubians are an ethnic group in poland .
the 1994 vk8 escape city is located in the city of lahore . it has a mass of 0 0925 . 0 . it is the location of vk8 ( mass 5 ) .
410777 , 2009 fd orbital period , is 39447000 . 0 ( 410777 ) , fd periapsis 88234300000 . 0 .
ro1 . 0 . it has a graduate degree of celsius and a minimum temperature of 6063 . 0 . it is 6063 . ro1 , maximum temperature . it has a rotation degree of celsius .
the 1999 kw4 average is 6391 . 0 metres above sea level and has a population of 66391 . 16 . 0 . it is the location of the airport , 6391 kw4 . 0 metres above sea level .
1000 piazzia , orbital period 488160 . 0 , 1000 piazzia periapsis , 352497000000 . 0 . 0 is 1000 piazzia epoch in 2015 .
the 1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 06 - 27 , 1001 gaussia former name was chosen by the oa907 xc 1001 gaussia .
101 helena mass 3 . 0348 kilometres , is located in 101 helena and has a capacity of 101 helena escape city 0 .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , a us national who graduated from the university of göttingen .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson , james craig watson , and died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera epoch was in 2011 - 08 - 27 in hera , orbital period is 1622 . 213 . 0 minutes in hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 .
103 hera escape city is 170000 . 0 meters long . it is located in hera and has a height of 170000 . 0 .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson was born in nottingham , england .
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ; 1089 : tama ; former name a894 va ; ; 1089 : tama ; orbital : 1202 . 846 .
1089 , tama epoch , 2005 - 11 - 26 , 1089 , tama periapsis , 288749000000 . 0 kilometres , 1089 .
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , 1097 vic97 vic97 vicia , former former former name pc 1097 , is 1097 . 0 in periapsis 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 , 109 felicitas , mass 7 . 5 . 5 . 0 .
109 felicitas epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 , 109 felicitas , orbital period 139705000 . 0 . 0 kilometres , 109 felicitas apoapapmed 533000 . 0 .
10 hygiea is the average speed of 16 . 76 kilometre per ( 10 hygiea ) . it is a part of hygiea orbital period of 16 . 88 .
the length of 10 . hygiea is 837080 . 744 ( square kilometres ) , 10 hygiea ' s average speed area is 16 . 76 . 744 square kilometres and 837080 square kilometres .
the 10 hygiea surface area of 837080 . 744 ( square kilometres ) is located in hygiea apoapsis 53951582 square kilometres .
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 was 110 lydia mass 6 . 016000 . 0 .
110 lydia epoch , 2006 - 12 , 110 lydia periapsis 377016000 . 0 kilometres , is the 110 lydia aposis , 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron bertram is associated with the band of the / associated musical artist kids imagine nation aaron bertram is associated with the band 's stars suburban legends , suburban legends , and the genre of pop music .
aaron deer , a genre of indie rock aaron deer origin from the united states .
aaron deer 's origin to the united states aaron deer as a genre of psychedelia aaron deer origin in indiana .
aaron turner is associated with the band / associated with musical artist twilight ( band aaron turner ) , associated with the band greymachine aaron turner .
aaron turner is associated with the band 's band / associated with musical artist twilight ( band aaron turner ) , associated with the band greymachine aaron turner .
aaron turner is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist twilight ( band aaron turner ) , associated with the band ambient music artist mamiffer aaron turner .
aaron turner is a genre of black metal and aaron turner , whose instrument electric guitar , black metal music fusion as a genre of black metal .
aaron turner is a genre of black metal , aaron turner , instrument singing , black metal , music fusion , and death metal .
abradab has been associated with the band / associated with musical artist magik and rapper abradab . the band was associated with the band was associated with his musical artist kaliber 44 abradab .
abradab has been associated with the band / associated with the musical artist magik , rapper abradab .
ace " wilder " is a genre of hip hop music hip hop music stylistic origin , funk hip hop music stylistic , hip hop music stylistic , hip hop music and stylistic .
agustín barboza was born in asunción where the leader is juan afara agustín barboza .
al anderson ( nrbq ) is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist nrbq . the band is also known as the nrbq band .
alan frew , a genre of rock music stylistic origin , is a music genre from the country music genre of bhangra .
albennie jones , as a genre of jazz , stylistic , stylistic origin , jazz music , and fusion genre afrobeat .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and blues albennie jones .
aleksandra kovač is associated with the band / associated with musical artist bebi dol aleksandra kovač is associated with the band k2 .
aleksandra kovač is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist bebi dol aleksandra kovač is associated with the band 's music artist kornelije kovač .
aleksandra kovač , a genre of rhythm and blues aleksandra kovač , associated with the band k2 . k2 is associated with the band kristina kovač .
alex day , as a genre synthpop synthpop stylistic , stylistic origin pop music synthpop and synthpop .
born in sidcup , alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in england .
born in england , alfred garth jones died in london . he died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london .
the leader of manchester is the labour party ( uk ) who died in sidcup alfred garth jones .
alfred garth jones died in london where the leader is boris johnson and alfred garth jones .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist fdgbet alison o ' donnell associated with the band of ireland .
alison o ' donnell associated with the band the band is associated with the musical artist mellow candle alison o ' donnell associated with the band / associated with a musical artist fdgbet .
alison o ' donnell genre , jazz , derivative funk , alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp .
alison o ' donnell genre , jazz jazz , derivative funk , alison o ' donnell record label static caravan recordings .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama , the allen forrest of the genre in the pop music allen .
allen forrest , who was born in dothan , alabama , and the rhythm and blues allen forrest of the background background .
alternative rock music , also known as nu metal , is a genre of nu metal , andrew white , musician , rock rock , stylistic origin , new wave music .
anders osborne is associated with the band / associated with the band / associated with the musical artist billy iuso anders osborne , associated with the band / associated with the musical artist tab benoit anders osborne .
anders osborne , a record label , rabadash records , osborne , and rock music fusion genre bhangra .
andra ' s singer is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist puya . the singer is a singer and singer / associated with the band crbl and andra .
andra , singer / associated with the band andreea bălan , singer / associated with the band , and singer / associated with the band andreea bălan .
andra ' s singer is rhythm and blues and andra .
andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with a musical artist christian burns andrew rayel , associated with the band / associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel and the genre trance music .
andrew rayel is associated with the band 's early band / associated with the musical artist jonathan mendelsohn , andrew rayel , and andrew rayel , associated with the band / associated with his musical artist bobina andrew rayel .
andrew rayel is associated with the band 's associated band / associated with the band jwaydan moyine christian burns as a genre of house music andrew rayel is associated with the band 's christian burns .
andrew banilow , andrew white , is associated with band / associated with the musical artist marry banilow andrew white , musician universal records .
ska punk stylistic origin ska aaron bertram is associated with the band / associated with musical artist suburban legends aaron bertram as a genre of ska punk .
african americans , who was born in errata , mississippi , has an ethnic group called african americans and albennie jones .
the 1955 dodge engine , also known as the " dodge v8 engine " , was produced by dodge models 3 - speed automatic in 1955 .
a - rosa luna ship class cruise ship , a rosa luna luna ship , has a length of 125800 . 0 .
a . - rosa luna ship displacement of 1850 . 0 tonnes has a length of 125800 . 0 and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
aida cruises , owned by costa crociere , is located in germany .
aid astella christening was completed in 2013 - 03 - 16 and has a length of 25360 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 builder , american locomotive company , alco rs - 3 and has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company , with a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) , is located in alco and has a length of 17068 .
the american locomotive company , founded in schenectady , new york , has a length of 17068 . 8 .
the united states is home to the ethnic group african americans and alv x - 1 .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the alv x - 1 - 1 is the origin of the country .
the alv x - 1 diameter is 1 . 524 metres in diameter and alv - 1 in diameter .
abarth 1000 gt coupé production at the end of the previous year , 1958 abarth 1000 gt coupé body style of coupé body style coupé abarth 1000 gt 1000 gt .
abarth 1000 gt coupé , wheelbase , 2160 , and has a height of 1 . 55 . abarth is 1000 . 0 metres above sea level .
the icebreaker ship , beam 21 , 21 . 2 . kov , chirikov , icebreaker , icebreaker , builder helsinki , helsinki , chirikov .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly of italy is the capital of rome and the alfa romeo 164 related to mean of transportation fiat croma .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly of italy is the capital of rome and the alfa romeo 164 related to mean of transportation and lancia thema .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to mean mean mean mean of transportation , fiat croma , alfa romeo 164 , lancia thema assembly , arese alfa romeo 164 .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to mean mean mean of transportation , fiat croma , alfa romeo 164 and alfa romeo 164 .
the alhambra ship , beam 8 m alhambra , has a runway length of 63800 . 0 and an alhambra ship of 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alhambra ship beam 8 . 3 m alhambra ship launch in 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra is wrecked .
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company , founded in 1929 by coventry alvis speed , a speed of 25 engine and petrol engineering company .
american motors fate eagle is an american automobile manufacturer of american motors whose key person is roy d chapin jr .
the manufacturer antares rocket is yuzhnoye design office , antares , rocket rocket , comparable to delta ii .
the antares rocket , or yuzhnoye design office , antares , is a rocket launch site on the site of the late 1990s and is used to launch pad 0 .
ariane 5 manufacturer arianespace ela ela - 3 site is a launch site at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
aston martin v8 is related to the mean mean of transportation aston martin v8 assembly which is located in the united kingdom . it is related to the aston martin v8 assembly , newport pagt; , buckinghamshire , england .
aston martin v8 is related to the mean mean of transportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 litres .
atlas ii is a launch site at vandenberg air force base in the united states . it is also home to the atlas ii launch site at vandenberg air force base .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and atlas ii is the location of the atlas ii .
atlas ii is a launch site at cape canaveral air force station , a atlas ii launch site at cape canaveral air force station in florida .
the audi a1 engine 1 . 2 litres , audi a1 assembly , audi a1 body style .
audi a1 is related to audi a1 related to mean mean of transportation seat ibiza audi a1 .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois and was founded in california .
caterpillar inc is located in illinois and is owned by aida cruises , aid aluna power .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is owned by costa astella and owned by costa crociere .
delta ii is a launch site at vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and is located in the united states .
the headquarters of the guiana space centre is in french guiana , the headquarters of the french guiana space centre and the centre for the ariane 5 launch site for ela - 3 .
the guiana space centre is located at kourou , french guiana and is the site of the guiana space centre .
neptun werft is located in the city of rostock , a rosa luna builder neptun werft is located in germany .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where atlas ii is the people .
aaron hunt played for vf l wolfsburg aaron hunt youthclub , goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt is the manager of the hunt club vf l wolfsburg and plays for dieter hecking aaron hunt and plays for sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernández youthclub is in the central español abel hernández club and plays for the u . s . città .
abel hernández youthclub is in central español and plays for the u . s . città abel hernández .
adam maher , who was born in the netherlands , plays for psv eindhoven adam maher .
akeem adams played for w connection f . c . and united petrotrin fc palo seco akeem .
the akeem ayers are former team of the los angeles rams akeem ayers draft round 2 akeem , draft pick 39 .
akeem ayers former team st . louis rams akeem ayers draft in the second round 2 akeem draft .
akeem dent was born on 27 february 1987 in atlanta , falcons akeem dent .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and played for shabab al - ordon club and alaa abdul - zahra .
alaa abdul - zahra club , al kharaitiyat sc khor alaa abdul - zahra , club shabab al .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born in hamilton academical . he played for clyde f . c . and clyde f . c .
the manager of alan martin is the manager of alan martin who plays for accrington stanley fc and plays for accrington fc .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 1995 - 09 - 02 aleksander barkov jr .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 1995 - 09 - 02 aleksander barkov jr .
vladimir putin aleksandr chumakov was born in russia where the leader is vladimir putin aleksandr chumakov .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 27 august 1989 in kuban krasnodar aleksandr prudnikov played for fc kuban krasnodar aleksandr prudnikov and fc alania vladikavkaz vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 27 august 1989 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov played for russia national football team aleksandr prudnikov , fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli club , whose home ground is the olympique lyonnais , whose home ground is in parc olympique lyonnais , aleksandre guruli club azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli club que lyonnais is , whose ground is located in the olympique lyonnais club us lesquin .
alessio romagnoli is the manager of a . c . milan and plays for a . c . milan . he has been manager of a . c . milan and plays for the national football team .
sinišdoria is the manager of alessio romagnoli and plays for a . c . milan . he has been manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli is the club of italy national under the national under the team of italy national under - 16 . the team is coach daniele zoratto alessio romagnoli romagnoli .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the italian national football team alessio romagnoli romagnoli .
born in brandon , manitoba , alex plante has a height of 1 . 9304 alex is a member of the anyang hoodheight .
alex plante { height : 1 . 9304 alex plante club was born in canada .
alex tyus played for maccabi ashdod . c . maccabi ashdod . maccabi ashdod .
alex tyus played for maccabi ashdod . c . maccabi ashdod . maccabi ashdod .
fc spartak moscow ' s ground is otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov , who played for fc spartak moscow and fc spartak moscow .
fc spartak moscow ' s ground is otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov youthclub , fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov , and fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league , aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow and fc torpedo moscow .
the manager of a . f . c . is steve bruce abel hernández who played for the uruguay olympic football team . he is also the manager of a . f . c .
the leader of moscow is sergey sobyanin aleksandr chumakov who was born in moscow where the leader is sergey chumakov .
luis miguel ramner is the manager of real madrid castilla and plays for real madrid castilla national football team .
luis miguel ramner is the manager of real madrid castilla and plays for real madrid castilla abner .
st . louis ( born in st . louis ) is part of the greater st . louis alex tyus .
tennessee titans are the city of nashville , tennessee , akeem ayers , former team now known as the new england patriots akeem ayers debut team in tennessee .
united petrotrin f . c . play for the trinidad and tobago national football team akeem adams played for the united petrotrin f . c .
aaron hunt is the manager of sv werder bremen who played for sv werder bremen ii and plays for sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernández is the manager of a . f . c . and plays for peñarol hull city f . c . and steve bruce abel hernández .
abel hernández youthclub , peñarol , jorge orosmán silva , abel hernández hernández , and is a member of the central español club .
abel hernández youthclub is managed by giuseppe iachini , abel hernández , who played for the u . s . città , u . s . città .
adam mc quaid was born on the 15th of april 1986 in prince edward island , adam mc quaid was born on the 15th of april 1986 .
adam mc quaid is the manager of the draft team columbus blue jackets boston bruins , general sweeney columbus blue jackets , ohio adam mc quaid , club boston bruins .
akeem ayers was born on 27 july 1989 in st . louis rams akeem ayers was born on 27 july 1989 in tennessee .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 july 1987 in 1987 in 1987 , the team of houston texans akeem dent dent was born on 27 july 1987 in atlanta , georgia .
akeem dent was born on 27 july 1987 in atlanta , falcons akeem dent , former former team houston texans akeem dent dent .
al kharaitiyat sc khor alaa abdul - zahra club , al kharaitat zawra , sc kharaitat , sc kharaitat , sc kharaitar , and sc kharkitar .
alaa abdul - zahra club , al kharaitiyat sc khor alaa abdul - zahra , who played for the iraq national football team of al khor alaa .
alaa abdul - zahra club , al kharaitiyat sc khor alaa abdul - zahra , who played for shabab al kharaitiyat .
alan martin , who was born in hamilton academical , is part of the club of hamilton academical . he has a height of 185 . 42 . 42 .
alan martin was born on 23 august 1989 in scotland . he played for the scotland national football team and has a height of 185 . 42 . 42 .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov ) is part of the club fc kuban krasnodar aleksandr prudnikov .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 27 august 1989 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov , has a height of 185 . 0 .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi , aleksandre lviv and has a height of 178 . 0 .
alex plante was born on 1989 in canada , where he was born . he attended the alex plante club anyang ht; alex plante .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 in 1989 in alex plante , a height of 1 . 9304 alex club was anyang hoodalex plante .
the leader of canada is elizabeth ii , who was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada .
the leader of canada is elizabeth ii , who was born in canada , where there is an ethnic group called asian canadians .
canada ' s anthem is aaron boogaard . the leader of canada is elizabeth ii and the language spoken is spoken in canada .
fc terek grozny aleksandr prudnikov played for fc terny aleksandr prudnikov and fc terek grozny grozny grozny grozny .
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league , aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow and has been chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
houston texans , the city of texas akeem , dent 's debut team in the atlanta falcons akeem , dent , former former texans houston texans , houston texans , and the city of houston .
the manager of a . f . c . is steve bruce hernández , who played for uruguayan primera división abel hernández and plays for peñarol hull city f . c .
the 1994 vk8 epoch is the location of the orbital period , 8788850000 . 0 . it is located in the city of zamboang850000 . 0 kilometres northwest of the country .
the 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 is 360 . 29 . 29 , 66063 . it is located in the city of houston and has a period of 6063 . 0 . it has a total of 6063 . 0 .
the 1998 ro1 mean temperature 265 . 0 . its kelvins are 66063 . 0 kilometres and 6063 . ro063 . ro061 . poapsis 25498570 . it has a total of 6063 .
1000 piazzia epoch in 2015 - 06 - 27 , 1000 piazzia , orbital period is 488160 . 0 , 1000 . 0 piazzia , periapsis 352497000000 . 0 . 0 .
1001 gaussia discoverer sergey belyavsky , 1001 gaussia , gaussia , epoch , 2015 - 06 - 27 , 1001 gaussia former former oa907 c . gaussia .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade was born in german , german empire walter baade graduated from the university of göttingen , walter baade .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , who was born in preußisch , oldendorf , walter baade graduated from the university of ströttingen .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , walter baade , who graduated from the university of göttingen and died in west germany .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater is the university of michigan james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin and james craig watson .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson was born in chennai and died in chennai 107 camilla .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson was born in nottingham on 1 march 2001 and died in chennai , n . pogson . r . pogson died in october 2001 .
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ; 1089 1089 : tama ; orbital name : a894 va ; ; 1089 : 1089 } , tama ; orbital period 1202 846 . 0 .
1089 . tama ' s escape city is 1202 . 846 . 0 meters long and 1089 . it is 1089 . 0 in the same period . it has a total of 1202 . 846 minutes in tama .
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , 1097 vic97 vicia , mass 9 . 8000 . 0 , 1097 . 0 kilometres , 1097 . 0 .
109 felicitas epoch , 2006 - 12 - 31 - 31 , 109 felicitas , orbital period 139705000 . 0 , and 109 felicitas periapsis 2839000 . 0 .
the 10 hygiea epoch 2015 - 06 - 06 - 27 , 10 hygiea is named for a900 ga 10 - 27 , 10 hygiea .
1101 clematis , epoch , 2006 - 31 - 31 , 1101 clematis , escape city 0 . 02 . 0 seconds , is the 1101 clematis orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
the 1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 31 , 1101 , clematis , orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , and its name is 1928 sj 1101 .
the 1101 clematis escape the city of gettysburg is located at 3309000 . 0 kilometre per km in the 1101 clematis . it is located in the town of gettysburg and has a period of 18330000 . 0 . 0 . 0 .
the 1955 dodge v8 engine , which was designed by dodge in 1955 , is located in 1955 and has the same manufacturer of dodge models as the 3 - speed automatic in 1955 .
de soto is related to mean sea level and is related to the mean mean mean sea . the custom de soto ' s successor is de soto and its successor is de soto .
aida cruises is located in rostock and is owned by aida cruises , aid astella and aid astella .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises and has a length of 253260 . 0 . it is owned by costa crociere and has a length of 253260 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company of alco rs - 3 was completed on may 3 , 1950 . it was named for alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine in alco .
alco rs - 3 . builder is located on may 1 , 1969 and has a length of 17068 . 8 . it is located on the alco rs - 3 engine with a length of 17068 . 8 . 8 .
the american locomotive company , which was founded in schenectady , new york , in the united states , has a length of 17068 . 8 .
the alco rs - 3 builder was completed on may 3 , 1950 in montreal locomotive works , alco rs . the v12 engine was completed on may 3 , 1950 and is available as a member of the alco rs - 3 engine .
the alco rs - 3 builder was founded on may 1st , 1950 and has 12 floors . the locomotive works of alco rs - 3 and was built on may 1st , 1950 .
amc matador is also known as the american motors matador amc matador assembly , mexico city amc matador and matador .
the name for the amc matador matador is vam classic amc matador assembly , kenosha , wisconsin amc matador , wisconsin amc , and matador engine amc .
the acura tlx assembly marysville , ohio , acura tlx class , mid - size car vehicle , acura tlx layout , front wheel drive , / all wheel drive drive , acura tlx engine , honda k .
the acura tlx assembly , marysville auto plant , acura tlx engine , v6 engine , acura tlx layout , and front engine design the acura tlx class luxury vehicle .
the arctsey chirikov icebreaker is the builder of finland , which is the home of the icebreaker , which is the builder of finland , which is located in the country . beam 21 . 21 . 2 . 2 . irikov is chirikov .
finland is lead by juha sipilä chirikov , who live in finland , where the people are known as finns . the country is lead by juha sipilä chirikov .
the icebreaker ship beam 21 , 21 . 2 . kov chirikov , icebreaker , icebreaker , icebreaker , icebreaker , icebreaker , icebreaker , and in service irikov chirikov .
the alfa romeo 164 assembly is located in italy where alfa romeo 164 is related to the 164 engine , alfa romeo 164 engine , alfa romeo 164 engine , alfa romeo 164 engine , alfa romeo 164 .
the alfa romeo 164 is related to mean mean of transportation , fiat croma , alfa romeo 164 assembly , italy , alfa romeo 164 engine , 164 .
the alhambra ship , beam 8 m alhambra , has a length of 63800 . 0 , millimetres and alhambra ship launch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra alhambra .
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car , founded in 1929 by coventry alvis , the speed company , alvis car and engineering company , was founded by coventry alvis speed engine petrol alvis car and engineering company .
alvis speed , a speed manufacturer , alvis car , and alvis engineering company , founded in 1929 by coventry alvis speed engine , the straight six engine , alvis engineering company , and alvis engineering company .
american motors ' s successor to eagle is amc matador , a manufacturer of american motors , american motors fate chrysler and roy d chapin jr .
the american submarine nr - 1 ship , also known as beam 3 m american submarine nr . 334 , is located in the top speed of the american submarine , nr . 334 .
american submarine nr - 1 . top speed 8 . 334 , american submarine nr . it has a length of 45000 . 0 . it has a length of 45000 . 0 .
the manufacturer , yuzhnoye design office antares , is the location of the rocket of antares rocket , which is the launch site for the space launch vehicle of the rocket in 2013 .
the manufacturer antares rocket , or yuzhnoye design office , antares , is a launch site at the mid- atlantic regional spaceport in 2013 . the rocket has been used to launch pad 0 - 04 - 21 .
the aston martin v8 assembly of the united kingdom is the capital of the united kingdom where the aston martin virage manufacturer is the aston martin v8 whose successor is aston martin .
aston martin v8 is related to the mean mean mean of transportation which is related to the aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 litres . it is based in the united kingdom and is related to mean martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 is related to the mean mean of transportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 . 3 litres aston martin is the successor of aston martin virage manufacturer .
atlas ii , with a diameter of 3 . 04 m . atlas ii , launch site at cape canaveral air force base , is located at cape canaveral air force station .
the audi a1 class is supermini audi a1 engine 1 . 2 litres engine , audi a1 layout front engine , front - wheel drive , layout .
audi a1 manufacturer audi was founded by audi in august 1994 and horch audi division in audi .
caterpillar inc is located in illinois and is owned by aida cruises . it was founded in california and is owned by aida cruises .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is owned by aida cruises , aid astella and aid astella .
delta ii is a launch site at cape canaveral air force station , antares rocket , which is located at cape canaveral , united states .
delta ii is a launch site at vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 from cape canaveral air force station in antares rocket , delta ii , united states .
the fiat croma is related to mean mean : the opel vebhaja , alfa romeo 164 and alfa romeo 164 . it is related to the fiat croma alfa romeo 164 .
the fiat croma is related to mean mean mean : " transportation opel " and the 164 alfa romeo 164 is related to the fiat croma alfa romeo 164 .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company general dynamics american submarine nr - 1 ship beam . its parent company is general dynamics . the company is located in groton , connecticut and the nr 1 builder general dynamics electric boat .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich neptun werft . the country is lead by stanislaw rostock rostock and luna builder neptun .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states . the country is home to the country ' s origin and the country is african american .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . atlas ii is the name of the people .
aaron bertram is associated with the band kids , imagine nation aaron bertram , associated with the band suburban legends . the band has been associated with the band suburban legends and suburban legends band member brian robertson trombonist aaron bertram .
aaron deer , background : solo singer aaron deer , is a genre that was deer origin of indianapolis aaron deer origin .
aaron turner is associated with the band isis and is associated with the band isis . the band is associated with the band sumac and aaron turner .
aaron turner is associated with the band 's band / associated with musical artist twilight ( band aaron turner ) , associated with band / associated with the musical artist old man gloom aaron turner , and his post - metal aaron turner .
aaron turner , the genre of black metal , aaron turner , is associated with the band / associated with musical artist sumac band aaron turner and electric guitar electric guitar .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 in stockholm ace wilder was a solo singer and ace wilder , who was born on july 23 , 1982 .
ace wilder , who was born in sweden , was a solo singer who was ace wilder was born on 1 july 1982 in sweden .
ace wilder , who was born in stockholm , was a solo singer and ace wilder , born in stockholm .
ace wilder , who was born in sweden , was a solo singer , ace wilder , who was born in sweden .
ahmet ertegun is a genre of rhythm and blues and ahmet ertegun origin , performing for washington d . c . ahmet ertegun .
ahmet ertegun is a genre of rock and roll and ahmet ertegun origin from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albennie jones active for years at the end of the year 1950 albennie jones , a genre of rhythm and blues and blues stylistic origin , blues blues blues and blues rhythm and blues .
albennie jones , who was born in the united states , is a genre of jazz stylistic origin and african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
aleksandra kovač was born in belgrade , kovač , who was a member of the pop music aleksandra and was a member of the pop music aleksandra .
aleksandra kovač , who was born in socialist republic of serbia , is a genre of rhythm and blues and blues aleksandra kovač .
alex day is associated with the band of the band big / associated with the musical band chameleon circuit . the band has been associated with musical artist charlie mc donnell alex day , who began to start the same year .
alex day is associated with the band of the band big / associated with the band chameleon circuit . the band has been associated with musical artist charlie mc donnell alex day , who began to start the same year .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london . he was born in england and died in london .
uruguay is lead by daniel martínez and is the location of alfredo zitarrosa , who died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa , was born in uruguay on 1 july 2013 the label was named after rca records , alfredo zitarrosa , who was a member of the group of uruguay alfredo zitarrosa .
alison o ' donnell associated with the band the band is associated with the band / associated with the musical musical artist bajik alison o ' bristol o ' donnell is a canadian rock band associated with the band alison o ' alison o ' alison o ' alison o ' engle .
alison o ' donnell associated with the band , / associated with musical artist mellow candle alison o ' donnell was associated with the band in 1963 . it was associated with the musical artist head of the south by weaving alison o ' donnell o ' donnell , and alison o ' alison o ' alison .
alison o ' donnell genre is a genre of jazz , alison o ' donnell record label deram records in london , alison o ' donnell record label floating world records .
alison o ' donnell genre is located in london , alison o ' donnell record label , deram records , deram records and alison o ' donnell record label fruits de mer records .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , allen forrest as a genre of acoustic music allen , a boy , and a forrest of his birth place in fort campbell allen .
allen forrest , who was born in fort campbell , ky forrest , raised in dothan , al allen forrest .
alternative rock music fusion , also known as nu metal , is a genre that is also known as nu metal , stylistic origin rock , andrew white musician , is associated with the band / associated with musical artist marry banilow andrew white musician .
anders osborne is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist billy iuso anders osborne , associated with the band / associated with the musical artist tab benoit , osborne , and osborne .
anders osborne record label alligator records , alligator records , and shanachie records .
the singer of andra , who was born in romania , is known as dance - pop andra .
andra ' s singer is rhythm and blues and blues . it is also a genre of rhythm and blues and blues and blues that derivative disco and blues stylistic origin is blues .
andrew rayel is associated with the band 's early band / associated with the musical artist christian burns andrew rayel , associated with the band / associated with his musical artist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel , the genre trance music andrew rayel and andrew rayel .
andrew rayel is associated with the band 's associated band / associated with the band jwaydan moyine , trance music stylistic origin , house music andrew rayel , associated with the band associated with musical artist christian burns and andrew rayel .
andrew white , also known as andrew white , is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist kaiser chiefs andrew white , musician / associated with the band , marry banilow , andrew white .
andrew white , musician of the band , is associated with the band / associated with musical artist kaiser chiefs andrew white , musician universal records . the label is associated with the band , marry banilow , andrew white , musician , record label universal records .
the leader of asunción is juan afara agustín barboza and died in asunción .
the music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq ) is associated with the band / associated with musical artist nrbq . the band is also associated with the musical artist / associated with nrbq .
hip hop music stylistic origin of disco and allen 's forrest as a genre of hip hop music , hip hop , hip hop music , stylistic origin , funk , hip hop , hip hop , and funk music derivative and bass and bass .
the leader of manchester is labour party ( uk ) where alfred garth jones was born in manchester and the greater manchester party is lead by the labour party .
the post - metal instrument cello aaron turner is associated with the band / associated with musical artist twilight and band aaron turner .
twilight , who is associated with the band black metal band aaron turner , is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist twilight band aaron turner .
african americans , who was born in the united states , has an ethnic group called the african americans and albennie jones .
aaron s daggett , who was born in maine , was awarded by the american civil war aaron s . daggett award .
aaron s daggett , who was born in maine , was awarded the wilderness aaron s . daggett award .
born in the netherlands , he graduated from erasmus university in rotterdam , affiliated with the association of mb as ab klink office ( worked as a ministry of health and sport ) .
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud region asajaya abdul taib residence kuching abdul taib mahmud .
abdul taib mahmud residence of sarawak abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud region , asajaya abdul taib mahmud region .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of adenan satem who was born in japanese occupation of the british borneo abdul taib mahmud residence in sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem , who was born in japanese occupation of the british borneo abdul taib mahmud , residence of abdul taib mahtaib mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar in office while vice president mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar , military branch of the nigerian army , mike akhigbe , abdulsalami , mike akipo , diya mike akipo , mike akubakar , and mike akubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar in office while vice president mike akhigbe mike akhigbe , mike akhigbe , predecessor oladipo diya abdulsalami abubakar , and his successor al amin daggash .
the predecessor , francisco abel caballero , who was born in galicia , spain , is the location of the abel caballero office of while juan carlos carlos carlos carlos carlos carlos carlos .
abel caballero was born in spain and has worked at at the ministry of transport abel caballero caballero , spanish socialist workers ' s party .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain where native americans are an ethnic group and spouse casey ribicoff was born in new britain .
adam holloway was born in kent , adam holloway and his alma mater was magdalene cambridge college , cambridge .
adam koc was an american who fought in the polish – soviet war . the polish language is spoken in poland and the commander is joseph stalin adam koc .
adam koc was involved in the polish civil war and was involved in the polish – soviet war . it was part of the polish – soviet war .
adonis was born in athens , adonis . he was born in athens , adonis , georgiadis , georgiadis , who worked as president of greece .
born in athens , adonis , georgiadis is the birthplace of the city of athens , greece , adonis , georgiadis , who worked as the ministry of economy and development and tourism .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the hellenic parliament and adonis georgiadis . he was a member of the hellenic parliament and adonis georgiadis .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro emile roemer . the country ' s currency is the euro and the roemer party ( also known as the socialist party ) is led by emile roemer .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes , who worked as a member of the netherlands . he has worked as a member of the socialist party in the netherlands .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte emile roemer . the country ' s leader is emile roemer .
the leader of the netherlands is emile roemer agnes , who is the location of the red socialist party ( netherlands ) .
the airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . the airey neave active for the neave active years at the end of 1980 - 03 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london on 25 july 1974 . the airey neave active for the neave active years .
airey , neave unit , royal artillery , and royal artillery garrison hohne airey neave battles in world war ii commander chiang shek shek .
albert b . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . he died in parkersburg , west virginia and albert b . white was the successor to william m . o . dawson .
albert b . white , whose successor was william m . o . dawson , albert b . white , was born on 04 / 04 / 04 / 04 / 03 in cleveland .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where the french civil war commander abraham lincoln albert jennings was one of the languages of the american civil war .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , albert jennings , died in doña ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in new mexico territory .
alberto teisaire , who died in buenos aires , buenos aires . the leader of the horacio rodríguez larreta alberto teisaire teisaire party , justicialist party alberto teisaire .
the alberto teisaire office was born in mendoza , argentina . he worked at at the provisional president of the argentine senate and alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire teisaire .
alfred moore scales was born in the united states and is the successor to daniel gould fowle alfred moore , scales , who served as governor of north carolina . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut and was a member of the united states army . he was a member of the army of the united states army and was involved in the whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is the successor to the democratic party of the united states . he has worked as a member of the u . s . phillips ' s successor , albert e . austin .
born in darien , connecticut , alfred n . phillips is the successor to the democratic party of the democratic party ( united states ) . he has worked for the mayor of darien , connecticut , alfred n . phillips .
the allan shivers party , who was born in lufkin , texas , allan , successor price daniel allan shivers , who worked as governor of texas .
allan shivers ' s successor , wilfred r cousins jr . allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .
alvah sabin is the secretary of state of vermont . alvah sabin is the largest city in the state of vermont and alvah sabin is vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
the whig party ( in the united states ) is lead by daniel webster alvah sabin . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
the battle of gettysburg is part of the military conflict of the american civil war and commander robert e . lee was awarded the purple heart heart .
juan perón is a spanish language spoken in argentina where the labour party is alberto teisaire teisaire .
juan perón was born in mendoza , argentina . his political party is isaac rojas alberto teisaire and his successor is isaac rojas alberto perón .
aida cruises is owned by costa crociere , whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc aid astella , which is located in germany .
aid astella is the operator of aida cruises and the aid ship is beam 32 . 2 . aid , astella , aid aid , astella , and has a length of 25360 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 builder is located in alco and has a length of 17068 . 8 . august 1969 . it has a length of 17068 . 8 .
the alco rs - 3 builder is located in alco and has a length of 17068 . 8 metres . it has a length of 17068 . 8 .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states . the country ' s capital is washington d . c . and the country ' s native americans are known as the native americans .
amc matador , also known as the american motors matador amc matador assembly , thames , new zealand amc matador ' s main size is car amc matador .
the owner of alhambra ( company ) is p & o & o . m . alhambra , tennant , tennant and dyalhambra . the company is owned by p & o and alhambra .
american motors ' s successor is the american motors subsidiary , wheel horse amc matador manufacturer , american motors subsidiary , and the american motors fate chrysler american motors .
the american submarine nr - 1 . top speed 8 . 334 metres long and has a length of 45000 . 0 . it has a length of 45000 . 0 and a nr - 25 ship of the american submarine .
atlantic regional spaceport antares rocket is a launch site at the mid- atlantic regional spaceport in the united states . it is also known for launch site of the delta ii and is also known as the launch site of the delta ii .
the manufacturer , yuzhnoye design office antares , is located in antares and is the location of the antares rocket in the 2014 – 15 season . it is the launch site of the antares rocket ( maiden flight ) .
the manufacturer of antares rocket is yuzhnoye design office antares and is located in antares , rocket . the rocket launch site is located on the 27th of february 2014 and has a length of 3 . 0 .
the ariane 5 final was designed by airbus defence and space launch site 5 . 4 . it is the launch site of the guiana space centre and is 2009 - 12 . 5 metres in diameter .
the headquarters of the french guiana city courcouronnes is located at the guiana space centre , which is operated by arianespace and is located in french guiana .
aston martin v8 is related to the mean mean of transportation aston martin dbs ' s successor , aston martin v8 assembly , aston martin dbs successor , aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 . litres martin v8 manufacturer .
the aston martin v8 is related to the mean mean body of transportation which is related to the aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 . 3 litres , martin v8 , which is related to mean v8 , aston martin rham .
aston martin v8 is related to the mean mean of transportation aston martin dbs in the united kingdom . the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii and the leader of aston martin martin virage manufacturer is aston martin martin .
the audi a1 engine , which is located in audi , is the location of the audi a1 engine . it is the location of the audi a1 layout . it is the location of the audi a1 layout .
audi a1 manufacturer audi was founded by audi in august 1995 horch audi , a subsidiary of ducati audi division of audi e - tron audi subsidiary .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is owned by aida cruises . it is located in peoria , illinois , united states and is owned by aida aid .
caterpillar inc . was founded in the united states and is owned by aida cruises . it is located in rostock aid and is owned by aida inc .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois , united states . it is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aida aid .
costa crociere 's parent company , carnival corporation & plc aid astella , operated by aida cruises , aid astella cruises .
finland is lead by juha sipilä , who live in finland . it is home to the ethnic group of sami and is home to the ethnic group of finland . the country is where the leader of finland is sami .
the capital of germany is berlin and the country is lead by joptun werft . the country is lead by joachim gauck rostock and rosa luna builder neptun .
andreas voßkuhle is located in germany where the capital is berlin and the country ' s leader is andreas voßkuhle .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of the u . s . and the country is home to native americans .
abel hernández youthclub , peñarol central español , uruguayan segunda división abel hernández , who played for central español peñarol peñarol and jorge orosmán .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia where valentina matviyenko aleksandr chumakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow and fc torpedo moscow .
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv is the chairman of fc karpaty lviv , and the manager of oleh luzhny olympique lyonnaonnais .
the manager of a . c . milan , who played for a . c . milan . he is in the serie a league and plays for a . c . milan . he has been the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli is the manager of a . c . milan and has been the manager of a . c . milan . he has been the manager of a . c . milan and the club is siniša miphalloviati .
the uruguayan segunda división abel hernández youthclub is in the central español club and plays for the national football team of uruguay national football team . the club is managed by giuseppe iachini abel hernández .
fc spartak moscow , chairman sergey rodionov , fc spartak moscow , and the otkrytiye arena , aleksandr prudnikov , perm , fc spartak moscow , aleksandr prudnikov , and amkar perm .
sergey rodionov fc terek grozny grozny is the chairman of fc grozny grozny , who played for fc grozny prudnikov , fc spartak moscow and aleksandr prudnikov .
fc terek grozny aleksandr prudnikov youthclub , fc spartak moscow , aleksandr prudnikov , fc terek grozny grozny moscow , aleksandr prudnikov , and fc terny grozny grozny grozny .
fc torpedo moscow , who was born in soviet union , played in the 2014 – 15 russian premier league , aleksandr chumakov was the manager of fc torpedo moscow and plays for fc torpedo moscow .
the manager of ferencvárosi tc is thomas doll , who has played for ferencvárosi ferencvárosi ferencvárosi ferencvárosi . he has been the chairman of gákukukukut . c .
the manager of ferencvárosi tc is thomas doll united petrotrin f . c . and ferencvárosi tc . ferencvárosi ferencvárosi tc .
the season of the season of the season of the season of the season of vkans . the vkorbital period is 87508508508508298 . 0 . it is the location of the club of the club of the country , which is located in the country .
101 helena discoverer james craig watson was born in madison , michigan . he graduated from the university of michigan at the university of michigan at 101 helena , wisconsin .
101 helena discoverer james craig watson was born in madison , michigan and attended the university of michigan . his alma mater is james craig watson , who died in madison , michigan .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , who was born in german empire in göttingen , walter baade graduated from the university of göttingen , walter baade .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , who was born in german and graduated from the university of walter baade , walter baade , a student student of halton arp walter baade and his doctoral student allan sandade .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade , who was born in german and graduated from the university of göttingen and is a student at allsandage university .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson was born in madison , michigan . his alma mater is the university of michigan and his alma mater is the university of madison .
103 hera , a discoverer of james craig watson , who died in madison , michigan , graduated from the university of michigan at the university of michigan . his alma mater is james craig watson .
107 camilla discoverer b . zellner 107 camilla is located in camilla and has a rotation period of 2368 . 0 . it is 107 . camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla discoverer c . woods 107 camilla orbital period is 107 . it is 107 . camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 kilometres long .
107 camilla discoverer f . vilas , 107 camilla epoch , 2006 - 12 , 107 camilla , and has a period of 107 . 0 . it is located in the city of camilla and has a period of 107 . 0 .
chennai is a us national who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . pogson , a us national . r . pogson , who died in chennai .
1089 , tama epoch , 2005 - 11 - 26 , 1089 , tama , escape : bhajcity , 0068 ; kilometre per seconds : 1089 tama ; former name a919 ha ) is a919 ha .
1101 clematis is the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , 1101 clematis , escape city , and it is the location of the novel of the country . the country is 1101 clematis mass 5 . 0 .
11264 claudiomaccone epoch , 2005 - 11 - 26 , 11264 claudiomaccone orbital period , 1513 . 722 days and 11264 . claudiaccone .
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahtaib mahmud region asajaya abdul taib mahmud was born on 21 july 1936 in sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of the adenan satem abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taitaib mahmud , mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar in office while vice president mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar active in the end of 1999 - 05 - 29 , mike akhigbe and his predecessor oladipo diya diya .
abdulsaljo abubakar , a successor to olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar in office , while vice president mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar , active in the end of his office at the end of 1999 .
abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a united states national . ribicoff was a united states national who served as governor of connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party of the united states .
abraham ribicoff , who was born in new york city , united states , was a united states national who was secretary of health , education , education and welfare abraham a ribicoff , was born in new york . ribicoff party is a member of the democratic party .
abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut , where the native americans are an ethnic group . the country ' s nationality is casey ribicoff , a ribicoff was born in connecticut .
adam holloway was born in kent , adam holloway , who was a member of the parliament for gravesham adam holloway , active in 2005 - 05 . he graduated from the university of texas at 05 - 05 and became a member of the parliament for gravloway .
adam holloway , who was born in 2005 in faversham , kent , uk , adam holloway , active years before start in 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway .
adonis georgiadis is a greek politician who was born in the office of while prime minister antonis samaras antonis antonis , samaras , samaras is samaras , in office , while prime minister konstantinos mitsotakis adonis adonis is adonis is , a greek politician and lawyer .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes , who worked in the netherlands . the leader of the country is emile roemer . the leader of the country is called emile roemer .
the leader of the netherlands is khadija arija ariagnes . the country ' s leader is mark rutte agnes and the house of representatives is the house of representatives .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte agnes , who is the home of the country ' s leader is emile roemer . the country is lead by mark rutte agnes and the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
albert b . white was born on 25 july 1923 in parkersburg , west virginia . he died in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white spouse agnes ward , white albert b . white was born in cleveland , ohio . he died in parkersburg , west virginia and is the successor to william m . dawson .
albert b . white spouse agnes ward , who was born in cleveland on the 1st of july , 1930 . white was the successor of william m . o . dawson , albert b . white , who served as governor of west virginia .
albert b . white , whose successor was william m . o . dawson , albert b . white , was born on 23 july 1901 in cleveland . the republican party was the republican party of the united states at the end of the 20th century and has been the successor to the u . s .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , argentina . the leader of argentina is horacio rodríguez larreta alberto teisaire .
alberto teisaire office , who was born on 1 august 1930 , worked at at the provisional president of the argentine senate and alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire teisaire , a successor of isaac rojas alteisaire .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol and died in styria alfons gorbach . he was the son of the gorbach party , who died in graz alfons .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , alfons gorbach and died in the alfons of gorbach .
alvah sabin was active in the end of the early years at the end of 1857 - 03 - 03 - 03 - alvah sabin region , vermont . the largest city in burlington , vermont is alvah sabin state of vermont and alvah .
alvah sabin was born in the vermont region of vermont . the 3rd congressional district of alvah sabin county , vermont is the largest city in the burlington , vermont state .
the american civil war commander is jefferson davis , which is part of the battle of gettysburg , in the united states . the native americans are an ethnic group in the battle of gettysburg and alfred moore is part of the battle of gettysburg .
the american civil war commander is jefferson davis , which is part of the united states . the native americans are an ethnic group in the country where the native americans are an ethnic group and alfred scales are the native americans .
juan perón spouse eva perón is a spanish language spoken in argentina and is the home of the juan perón party . perón is the home of the labour party ( argentina ) , alberto teisaire teisaire .
aaron bertram is associated with the band kids and imagine nation aaron bertram is associated with the band suburban legends , a member of brian robertson trombonist aaron bertram .
aaron deer , is a genre associated with indie rock aaron deer and the origin of the united states aaron deer , associated with the band of indie rock artist wee giant aaron deer and background solo singer aaron deer .
aaron turner is associated with the band 's band / associated with the musical artist old man gloom aaron turner and the band has been associated with the band of black metal , aaron turner , origin , united states aaron turner , aaron turner , and aaron turner .
aaron turner is associated with the band of sludge turner and the band has been associated with musical artist twilight . the band is associated with the band 's early band lotus eaters and the band aaron turner .
abradab was born in katowice and is associated with the band / associated with musical artist magik . he was born on 1 august 1978 in katowice , poland .
ace wilder , who was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 , was a solo singer who was ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
ace wilder , who was born on 1 july 1982 in stockholm , served as a solo singer and ace wilder .
ace " wilder " is a genre of hip hop music that emerged in the hip hop music of hip hop music and subgenre of gangsta rap rap , hip hop music stylistic origin , funk , hip hop , hip hop , and funk music derivative drum and bass and bass music stylistic origin .
ace wilder , who was born in sweden , is a genre of hip hop music stylistic origin , funk ace wilder , hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylistic .
al anderson ( nrbq ) is associated with the band of al / associated with musical artist nrbq . the band is associated with the musical artist nrbq . the band has been associated with the musical artist , nrbq .
al anderson ( nrbq rock ) is associated with the band of bhangra and is music that is associated with the musical artist nrbq rock band . the music genre is also popular in the united states .
alan frew , who was born in coatbridge , canada , served as a member of the band 's origin , canada .
aleksandra kovač , who was born in 2004 in this same year , is known for her solo singer aleksandra kovač , who was a member of the socialist republic of serbia and aleksandra .
aleksandra kovač , a genre of rhythm and blues aleksandra kovač , associated with the band k2 . k2 , kovač , sisters duo duo , aleksandra kovra kovač , kovač , kovač kovač , associated with the musical band k2 .
born in manchester , alfred garth jones was an american who died in london and died in london . he was a united kingdom national who was born in manchester .
born in manchester , alfred garth jones died in london . the leader of london is called the european parliament and the leader is called the european parliament .
london is lead by the european parliament . alfred garth jones died in sidcup and died in london . the leader of manchester is the european parliament .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the band / associated with musical artist foodbertt; bet alison o ' donnell , o ' donnell associated with the band of ireland .
alison o ' donnell genre is a genre of jazz , derivative funk alison o ' donnell record label , deram records , deram records , and alison o ' donnell record label .
alison o ' donnell genre , jazz , derivative funk , jazz music fusion as a genre afrobeat , alison o ' donnell instrument autoharp jazz , stylistic origin , folk music , and folk music .
alison o ' donnell genre is a genre of jazz , stylistic origin , jazz , derivative funk music fusion genre , afrobeat alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhrán percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he was the son of allen forrest who was born in fort campbell , alabama .
anders osborne is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist billy iuso anders osborne , associated with the band in the same band . he has been associated with the musical artist michael iuso wetlands all - stars osborne .
anders osborne is associated with the band / associated with the musical artist galactic , osborne , osborne , associated with the band / associated with the musical artist tab benoit anders osborne , and osborne .
andra , born in câmpia , turzii , is a singer who was a singer who was a singer who was born in andra .
andra ' s singer was born in romania and the singer is andra . the singer was a member of the rhythm and blues and the singer of the blues andra .
andrew rayel , andrew rayel is associated with the band / associated with the band armin van bun , van buuren , andrew rayel , associated with band armin , andrew rayel , associated with the band armin , andrew rayel .
andrew rayel is associated with the band 's associated with the band " christian burns " andrew rayel , who was born in chișinău , moldova . he has been associated with the band 's armin van buuren , andrew rayel , andrew rayel , was born in chișinău , moldova .
andrew rayel was associated with the band in 2009 the band is associated with musical artist jwaydan moyine , andrew rayel , who was born in chișinău , moldova .
andrew rayel is associated with the band 's early band / associated with musical artist jwaydan moyine and moyine moyine moyine is associated with the band , associated with musical musical artist john digweed andrew rayel instrument , andrew rayel , and andrew rayel .
andrew white , musician of the band , is associated with the band / associated with musical artist kaiser chiefs andrew white , musician andrew white , musician b / unique , singer andrew white , singer andrew white , singer andrew white , and singer andrew white .
hip hop music stylistic was born in fort campbell , allen , a forrest of hip hop music hip hop music , stylistic origin , hip hop , hip hop music , stylistic origin , hip hop , hip hop music , hip hop , hip hop , hip hop , and hip hop music .
hip hop music stylistic was born in the stylistic origin of disco and the allen forrest of hip hop music in 1981 – 1981 and stylistic music stylistic origin of funk hip hop and hip hop music .
the parliament of london is lead by alfred garth jones who was born in manchester . the leader of the united kingdom is the labour party ( uk ) and the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
juan afara agustín barboza ( born in asunción ) is a leader of paraguay where the language spoken is spanish . the country is home to the ethnic group of paraguay and the country ' s leader is juan afara agustín agustín .
the alternative name of polydor records is " polydor " , which is also known as the rock fusion genre , is b . andrew white , musician andrew white .
the alternative name of polydor records , which is located in london , is andrew white . the label is also known as the polydor records genre , which is also known as andrew white , and is also known as the record label of universal records .
rock music fusion is a genre of bhangra music that is located in the country of the united states . the country is characterized by the nrbq band of rock and stylistic origin .
rock music stylistic origin is blues rock music fusion , which is located in the genre of bhangra . the music instrument is also popular in the country and is also popular in the country .
twilight , who is associated with the band black metal band aaron turner , associated with the band / associated with musical artist twilight , band aaron turner . the band is also associated with the musical artist old man gloom and aaron turner .
uruguay ' s leader is raúl fernando sendic rodríguez alfredo zitarrosa and spanish is spoken in uruguay . the leader of uruguay is daniel martínez .
