abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway number is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport runway length is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located within the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is thitleri şeıtı .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
postmodern architecture is the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain designed adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , university road , university road , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds are located in architecture and arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
limerick is part of munster .
críona ní dhálaigh is a leader in dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan is a significant building in los angeles herald examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new netherland is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africa is one of the ethnic groups in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print form .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
a long long way was written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
above the veil is available in print form .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the novel castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
john cowper powys is notable for his work as a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
associazione calcio chievo verona are managed by rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera división .
the full name of afc blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of as gubbio 1910 is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season in the eredivisie .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano panucci plays for empoli calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
kerala ' s northwest is mahé , india .
mendrisio is located in the municipality of meride in the municipality of mendrisio in switzerland .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
thomas pallesen is dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 737 students .
alan bean ' s nationality is united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
california ' s gemstone is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
the creator of april o ' neil is kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
jerry ordway was the creator of the comic book series .
the full name " bo bibbo " is bo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate alternative name is jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is a united states national .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
dunwoody is the largest city in kalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is located in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of valencian community .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of colombian cuisine .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region .
barny cakes have 30 . 0 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from the region of indonesia .
bhajji is also known as bhaji and bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico comes from the region of jalisco .
the chicken class is a class of bird of the united states .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is spoken in new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
the malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the uk .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield and its nearest city is frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany is part of oregon ' s capital is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of the united states house of representatives and the leader is called anaheim california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has an elevation of 75 . 324 square kilometres above sea level .
arlington , texas has an elevation of 258 . 2 square kilometres above sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometres ) , and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . albany , oregon .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . amarillo , texas .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the united states is home to african americans .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany is in georgia .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the language is english .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of albuquerque , new mexico .
tomatoes are an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where italian is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia . fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of a club sandwich and a variation of the club sandwich .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion .
a bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon muffin , can also be known as a bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon muffin , bacon muffin , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery belongs to the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
bandeja paisa includes chicharrón and is part of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji come from india where the people are known as indian .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are one of the ethnic groups .
banana is a main ingredient in binignit , philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a type of dessert , as is cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of shumai .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the arabic language is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway length is 3800 meters .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made from asphalt .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway length is 597 . 0 and its 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway length is 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero , located in brasília , is operated by infraero .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
a . c . chievo verona play in verona , italy and has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodríguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis season .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b league .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is a tenant of jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena in shuvalan , baku .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in umbria .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
as roma has been manager of as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and is available as an e book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands and was written by john cowper powys .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and was published in print & paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print form .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and the oclc number is 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' s isbn number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones and written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
john hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba , alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , which leader is kochi .
peter laird was a united states national .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
alan tudyk starred in the film big hero 6 which first appeared in the film big hero 6 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by roger mc kenzie .
jerry ordway was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the full name " bo " was created by marv wolfman and the full name " bo " .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
alan shepard served as a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena which is located at east link bridge .
populous was the architect of 3 arena in dublin .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
adare manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road , university road , ahmedabad .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york .
adare manor is located in munster , county limerick .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and joined nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , whose leader is francis g slay .
elliot see died in st . louis , part of the kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire where the purple finch spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is available in print form .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english , which is spoken in great britain and was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city , whose leader is alexander l . wolf .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and the issn number is 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and the issn number is 1473 - 5571 .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 4980501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp was written in the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , available in hardcover , has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
abh . math . semin . univ . hambg is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number is 32024459 .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which was followed by above the veil .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is 248 pages long .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell whose issn number is 0965 - 2140 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , was written in english and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and was published in hardcover with the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken in great britain .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog a .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of sage publications which is published by sage publications . the issn number is 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington dc .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the leader is known as the president and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and plays for a . s . d .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in lega pro / a .
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for the el salvador national football team and manages a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its chairman is antonionis milionis .
afc blackpool ( abbreviated to association football club blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who played for runcorn fc halton fc halton .
dave challinor , manager of afc fylde , plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay fc .
the fullname of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio have been manager of a . s . livorno calcio . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid f . c .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece , the champions of which are olympiacos fc .
aek athens fc are managed by gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea fc .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and i ̇ stanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio acy da mata fonseca .
empoli fc are manager of a . s . roma and plays for empoli fc .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for s chieti calcio and plays for a . s . licata 1931 .
massimo drago , manager of a . s . castrovillari calcio , plays for u . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and plays for u . s . chieti calcio .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john madin , was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors and 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 320 south boston building has 22 floors and is located in the united states . george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena , north wall quay and completed in december 2008 .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark and has 23 floors .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it has 23 floors .
augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor which was born in bloomsbury and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the mason school of business is located in the united states . the current tenant of alan b . miller hall is the mason school of business .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds are located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths in avenue a , manhattan was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who designed the labour party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of ethiopia is hailemariam desalegn .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
the united states is home to asian americans and is home to albany . albany is the country ' s country where the country is home to albany .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque is called the new mexico senate and has 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington dc .
anaheim , california has the utc offset of - 7 , anaheim , california , has 131 . 6 square kilometres and a total area of 657 .
anaheim , california is part of the california state senate , which is lead by the california state senate and is lead by the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , united states . the leader of the united states is antioch costa county and the leader is called the house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat is fort worth , tarrant county .
atlanta is located in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington dc .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
the largest city in new jersey is newark , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city is new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of the state of washington , united states where washington is the capital .
auburn , washington is part of the state of washington , united states . the capital of the country is olympia and the country is the location of auburn .
the capital of georgia is atlanta ( u . s . ) . the country is part of the u . s . and the country is part of the country .
madison county , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states where the capital is trenton , new jersey .
the largest city in texas is arlington . the english language is spoken in texas and the largest city is arlington .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . attica county is part of fountain county , indiana .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . fountain county is part of fountain county , indiana .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , united states . one of the ethnic groups there are asian americans .
the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany is albany . the country is part of benton county .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the language is albany and the country is also spoken .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and its runway name is 10 r / 28 l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid , spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which is headquartered in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states , is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital and english is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where tejano is the demonym for people .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the port authority of new york and new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid where ahora is a leader .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where ahora madrid is the leader .
the adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carrol county is southeast of adams county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . carrol county is southeast of adams county , maryland .
the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located in baku , the native name of the memorial in azerbaijan and is known as titi anıtiti .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . it is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arem - arem includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which belongs to the flowering plant family and is a member of the solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy and includes tomatoes .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich and contains lettuce .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt and club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york region .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states and new york region .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , a cookie is a type of dessert .
the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . it comes from the derbyshire dales region .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from the country of indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is a leader and the currency is the indian rupee .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , which can be served as a cookie .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert , which is a cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , which can be served as a cookie .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales .
granola is an ingredient in bionico , a food found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital is rome .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
tomato belongs to the order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
kerala ' s leader is kochi . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the state is northwest of kerala .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , whose anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the film starred in the film big hero 6 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the distributor of walt disney studios motion pictures .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and is a distributor of walt disney studios .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
ernie colon and gary cohn created the comic book character bolt who has the alternative name larry bolatinsky .
103 colmore row in birmingham was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is cape town .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and is governed by cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a cost of 110 million dollars .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
300 north la salle , illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland . it is owned by live nation entertainment .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , designed by architect 3 xn , is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , county limerick . limerick is part of limerick and county council .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan where the vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia was completed on june 1st , 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , are located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york . cyrus vance jr is a leader in new york city .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states where gale brewer is a leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the postcode area is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham ( lead by labour party ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders in india .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where 20 fenchurch street is located . london is the capital of the united kingdom and is lead by the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden is a leader and the leader is known as the president .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is located in the united states . it falls under the category of contributing property .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is located in azerbaijan .
the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11th , 1907 in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 in i ̇ zmir , turkey .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . the country is home to native americans and albany .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 486 . 2 square kilometres and a total area of 505 . 575 ( 575 ) , new mexico has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . it is the location of the alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas .
anaheim , california is part of the california state assembly and is lead by the california state assembly . the spanish language is spoken in the state of anaheim , california .
the population density of anderson , indiana , is 107 . 43 ( inhabitants per square kilometres ) , is 107 . 0 ( square kilometres ) , anderson , indiana .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the total area of angola is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a total area of 102372 . 925 square kilometres and a total area of 102372 . antioch , california .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 609 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 609 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometres . the leader of atlantic city is mayors .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn , washington , d . c . pierce county is part of pierce county , washington , united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of king county .
the largest city in austin , texas , is houston , which hays county is part of san marcos and hays county , texas .
anaheim , california is part of the california state assembly and is the location of the california state assembly . the chinese language is spoken in california and the leader is anaheim .
atlanta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . it is part of the u . s . and is the location of atlanta ( part of the u . s . ) .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis , indiana .
the largest city in texas , united states , is arlington . the largest city in texas is arlington and the largest city is houston .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany , oregon . one of the ethnic groups in the united states are african americans and one of the ethnic groups there are the african americans .
atlantic city is located in the united states where the largest city is washington d . c . is the largest city in new jersey .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s leader is known as the president .
the leader of the united states is john sánchez albuquerque . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico ' s leader is called the new mexico senate and the country ' s leader is john sánchez albuquerque .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany , oregon . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is lead by the president of albuquerque , new mexico .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and albany is the location of albany , georgia .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country is home to the angola language .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the country is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 . he is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , has managed ac chievo verona and plays for both f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . chievo verona and manages the a . c . lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its chairman is antonionis milionis . they play in the a epsth 2nd group .
stuart parker is the leader of blackpool where the conservative party ( uk ) is the home ground of afc blackpool .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool ' s ground is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is warton fylde , lancashire .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to association football club fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is located in bryning lane .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv f . c . . . he is the manager of acf fiorentina .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece . they played in the superleague greece 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by jong ajax nv . the tenant of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is jong ajax .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( amateurs ) , whose nickname is joden godenzonen . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom plays for the netherlands national football team and plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in alagoas . the champions of this league are vila nova futebol clube and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
peter stoger plays for fk austria wien and sk vorwärts steyr . he is manager of 1 . fc admira wacker modling .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17 l / 35 r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and the name is 18 l / 36 r .
agr is the icao location identifier for agra airport which is located in india and is operated by the indian air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and the name is 09 r / 27 l .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is operated by the united states air force and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam . it is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r aalsmeerbaan .
andrews county airport , located in texas , is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 973 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and tejano is the name of the people .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and english is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat , turkmenistan .
located in spata , athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level and serves the city of athens .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian and served by atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where charles michel is the leader and german is spoken .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . french is spoken in belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of commelinids .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is based in broadcasting house and broadcast bananaman .
bananaman first aired on october 3rd , 1983 and starred jill shilling . it was broadcast by stv and steve bright .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was created by american duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al . it has 512 pages and the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 4980501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , was published in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of math . hungar . the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . it comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and the issn number is 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) was published by the polish academy of sciences . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
john hopkins university press published the american journal of mathematics which is based in the united states . the parent company of john hopkins university press was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the language spoken in great britain is english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 minutes in space and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) served as a crew member of apollo 8 where chris patten was a representative and frank borman was a representative .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . served as a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders joined nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot before being selected by nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges river is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the sport is offered by the tennis federation for sport .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokate and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . kerala ' s leader is kochi and it has 250 academic staff .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteaptă - te romanne !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of spain is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are one of the ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and sumatra . minangkabau people are an ethnic group from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and are popular in the uk . the blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon cob , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon cob , bacon muffin , bacon muffin , bacon muffin , bacon muffin , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and cookie are an ethnic group .
baked alaska is from the united states and paris , new york or hong kong . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska which comes from the united states and china .
baked alaska is from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell pudding which originates from the derbyshire dales region . it originates from the derbyshire dales region .
bakso is a food found nationwide in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots , and beef broth .
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , black pudding ( morcilla ) , lemon and lemon .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , oyster ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish which contains shiitake and is found in indonesia .
batchoy is eaten in la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and chilli .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and chilli .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables and comes from the karnataka region .
gram flour and vegetables are alternative names for bhajji which originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
sweet potato , of the flowering plant order of solanales , are an ingredient in binignit along with sago .
binignit comes from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
granola is an ingredient in bionico , a food found in jalisco , mexico .
sour cream , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico which is a food from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and cookie .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and tapioca is one of the ingredients .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore where tony tan is the leader and baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the ilocano people and zamboangans .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines where philippine english is spoken and cookie is a type of dessert .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines where they speak philippine english and sandesh .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , is followed by ring of fire ii . it is written in english by virginia de marce and eric flint .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is located in ithaca , new york . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and its president is elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
the novel aenir is the sequel to aenir which was preceded by the violet keystone castle . the novel was written by australians into battle and followed by into battle .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington dc and the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where the leader is known as the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is spoken in great britain .
albany is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president and there are many asian americans . the country is the location of albany , georgia . the country is home to many asian americans .
the largest city in georgia is atlanta , georgia , united states . the country ' s native americans are an ethnic group in georgia and the largest city is atlanta , georgia . the country is part of the u . s . and the country is home to native americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is washington dc and the language is english .
amarillo is part of the state of texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language is english . the country is also spoken in the state of texas .
the capital of texas ( united states ) is austin . it is part of potter county , texas , united states . the country ' s language is english and the country is english .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the population is 523 . 9 square kilometres and it is part of anderson , madison county , indiana . it is 523 square kilometres .
the leader of the state of california is antioch contra costa county , which is part of the state of california . the country ' s leader is contra costa county , california , which is lead by the spanish assembly .
atlanta is part of de kalb county , georgia . it has a total area of 344 . 9 square kilometres and a total area of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometres .
attica , indiana is part of attica , indiana in the united states . it is 166 . 0 square kilometres above sea level and has the total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it is part of king county , washington and has a population of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometres .
the english language is spoken in austin , part of williamson county , texas . the largest city is williamson county , and the largest city is austin . the largest city in williamson county is williamson county , texas .
the largest city in austin , texas , is houston . the largest city in texas is hays county , texas and the largest city is san marcos . english is spoken in texas .
the largest city in texas is houston , the largest city in texas . hays county is the largest city in texas and hays county is part of the dallas – fort marcos .
the capital of indiana is indianapolis which is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the country ' s language is english and the city is indianapolis is part of indiana .
the largest city in texas is arlington . it is the county seat of fort worth county , texas . the spanish language is spoken in texas and the largest city is arlington .
austin is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the largest city is fort worth county and the capital is austin . the largest city is austin .
white americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new jersey . the largest city in the u . s . is home to white americans .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . albany , oregon .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . albany is the location of the u . s . asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . one of the ethnic groups of the country are the african americans and the language is english .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . lee county is the location of auburn , alabama , which is part of lee county , alabama .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where auburn is located . the country is part of auburn , alabama , which is part of lee county , alabama , which is home to the ethnic group of native americans .
the largest city in new jersey is newark , new jersey , united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in new jersey and the capital is trenton , new jersey .
the leader of the united states is barack obama and the language is albuquerque . the country is lead by president barack obama . the country is the location of the u . s .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana , united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the language is english .
akron , ohio , united states is lead by barack obama and native americans . the capital of the country is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is native americans .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the country is the location of albany .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , located in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property . carrol county lies to the north of adams county and to the southeast . carrol county is to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the national assembly is the national assembly .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the largest city is ankara . the atatürk monument is located .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and it is affiliated with the european university association .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and the ganges is the largest city in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has mols to its northeast .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and steven t . seagle .
michele marcolini has been manager of a . c . lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio and plays for both vicenza calcio and pietro grasso .
stuart parker is a member of the stockport county f . c . blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc . the leader of blackpool is the labour party ( uk ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader and the italian language is spoken . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and the leader is sergio mattarella .
aek athens f . c . is the home ground of aek athens fc which is located in marousi . the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where rome is the capital and pietro grasso is the leader . italian is spoken there and the people are known as italians .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian is the official language .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian peninsula .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients are sausage and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in the country and the capital is washington dc .
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bread and bacon muffin . the dish is also known as a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the dish is popular in the uk .
baked alaska is from france where french is spoken and manuel valls is a leader . baked alaska is from hong kong and gerard larcher is a leader .
lemon is part of the rutaceae family and is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department in colombia .
barny cakes come from france where french is spoken and francois hollande are leaders . the country ' s leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of batagor which contains peanut sauce and comes from .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of the siomay dish , which contains shiitake .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of batagor which contains shiitake .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . the dish comes from the karnataka region .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leader is t . s . thakur and where the people are known as sumitra jubhai vala .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india where sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur are leaders .
sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of bionico , a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken . bionico is a food served as a dessert . honey is a leader in mexico .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and honey .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where carles puigdemont is the leader and felipe vi is the leader .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders . the capital is rome and the people are known as italians .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where italian is spoken and the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet comes from . the dish can be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore , where tony tan is the leader and english is spoken .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . zamboangans and philippine spanish are ethnic groups in the philippines . one of the languages in the country is arabic and one of the languages is arabic .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . susana diaz is the leader of spain where spanish is spoken and spaniards are an ethnic group .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spain , where felipe vi of spain is the leader and spaniards are the people .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot . he is retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was a us national who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and became a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
alan shepard died in california where dianne feinstein is a crew member of apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard was an american who was born in new hampshire . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 14 l / 32 r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and its runway name is 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft in the united states air force and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon in 1986 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the lockheed c - 130 attack aircraft were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 733 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it serves the city of lahore .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states , has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena . the runway name is 7 / 25 and has a length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states , has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and serves the city of alpena .
located in icolo e bengo , angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . two of the leaders of that country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . two of the leaders of that country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s capital is charles michel and the leader is philippe of belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of atlantic county international airport is kacy township , new jersey .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york which is part of harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport and is operated by the indian air force .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport and the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and fuad masum . arabic is spoken there .
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader and the capital is springfield .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and faroese is spoken .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the country ' s tenant is bill marriott and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the republic is enda kenny and the palace of westminster .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a height of 42 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō . the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
the mason school of business is located in virginia , united states . the mason school of business is owned by the college of william and mary and is owned by robert a m stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is sumitra mahajan and gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in ampara , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and austin fernando .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri jayawardenepura kotte . the capital of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the governing body is the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds in los angeles herald examiner was the architect of the asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and the riverside art museum . she also designed significant buildings including hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york , united states . cyrus vance jr is the leader of manhattan , new netherland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john clancy , who was born in birmingham . the city council is lead by the labour politician john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as president barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which is categorised as a contributing property . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast . carrol county is to the southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on july 11 , 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal higher than department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the distinguished service medal higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born on 15 june 1981 ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission along with alfred worden as backup pilot . he retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 along with william anders as backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and frank borman as backup pilot . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . in 1962 . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and its leader is the church of denmark . the monarchy of denmark is the monarchy of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the dean of the school is lars lokke rasmussen and the dean is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in mumbai , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and its largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle and its anthem is deșteaptă - te !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the largest city is ankara . the atatürk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in turkey , where the currency is the turkish lira and the largest city is istanbul .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is ankara . the atatürk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . turkey ' s largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta and its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute is located in the state of karnataka .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai , karnataka . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . telangana is to the northeast of telangana and is governed by the arabian sea to the northeast .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is deșteaptă .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen and social sciences at the aarhus university which is affiliated with the european university association . the dean is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a crew member on apollo 12 .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 along with alfred worden as backup pilot .
edwin e . aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , where william anders was a backup pilot .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on september 1 , 1969 . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman as backup pilot . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and joined nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot on apollo 8 . he spent 8820 minutes in space .