akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who play in houston . he later played for the houston texans who play in texas .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group and washington d . c . is the capital .
aleksandra kovač is a pop musician who is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and k2 .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and one of the languages spoken is arabic . batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
azal arena is located in baku .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written by fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of the audi a1 .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory on 1896 - 02 - 01 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . agra airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
batagor ' s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is a leader and died in graz .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . new york city is the largest city .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs taquirari music .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th december 2002 .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , in fort campbell , texas .
niger state was the birthplace of abdulsalami abubakar .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway name of 14 l / 32 r and a length of 4100 . 0 .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
soho press is located in the united states .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
jean - michel aulas owns olympique lyonnais .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and served as a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician . jazz originates from folk music and has its stylistic origins in folk music . funk is a derivative of afrobeat .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
albert b . white , who was married to agnes ward white , started his career on march 4th 1905 and finished it on march 4th 1905 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri anıtı .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business which was founded by julius springer .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in gubbio .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc whose ground is new douglas park .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and kirk joseph .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena , shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
batagor ' s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
aid aluna is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california and is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . was founded in california .
300 north la salle is in chicago and has 60 floors .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where white americans are an ethnic group and the largest city is new york city .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
the atlas ii originated from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
afc fylde ' s manager is dave challinor who plays for stockport county fc and colwyn bay fc .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the alternative name for black pirate is jon valor .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais . he plays for fc karpaty lviv which is managed by oleh luzhny . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of fc karpaty lviv .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and written in english which is spoken in great britain .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the united states and china .
ace wilder was born in stockholm , in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
aaron turner played electric guitar for the band twilight and played with old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association and has 16000 students . its dean is thomas pallesen .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
the akita museum of art is located in japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . its president is b . m . reddy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician who performs alternative rock music .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business which was founded by julius springer .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookie is also a type of dessert .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war where george h . w . bush was a commander .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . his genre is rock and roll which originated from blues music .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and played for the italy national under - 17 football team .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has an 8 . 3m ship beam .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states . the company is located in peoria , illinois .
aaron turner played electric guitar for the band twilight and played with old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where artur rasizade is the leader and the capital is baku .
luciano spalletti played for empoli fc and manages a . s . roma .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for chelsea fc and real madrid c .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader of germany where berlin is the capital .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients of bakewell tart are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz in styria .
turk sehitleri anıtı is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is 23 metres above sea level and operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 and its length is 1873 . 0 .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and signed to philips records .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader and the euro is the currency .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz in styria .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he plays for fc spartak moscow and also for fc rubin kazan .
the alhambra was built by samuda brothers .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states . the company is located in peoria , illinois .
bananaman starred graeme garden , broadcasted by stv .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
iraq born alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is shabab al - ordon and he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party of san sebastian de los reyes is the people ' s party .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
aaron deer ' s record label is kill rock stars .
the comic book character ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and he was created by roger mc kenzie .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston . georgetown is the county seat .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 6 . 81 square kilometres . the population density of alexandria is 755 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
new york city is part of new york .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier viag .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
folk rock musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county is southeast of adams county , maryland .
10 hygiea , which was formerly known as a900 ga , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool , where gordon marsden is the leader .
dance pop singer andra was born in romania and has a background as a solo singer .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein ' s senator is dianne feinstein .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
the tennessee titans play in nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to the record label warner music group .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional sauce from lazio , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the malay and batak are ethnic groups in sumatra .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe ' s predecessor oladipo diya was oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham , england .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of india is sumitra mahajan and the legislative assembly is called the gujarat legislative assembly .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of hays county is san marcos . spanish is spoken in texas .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands to the netherlands .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz , austria .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where italian is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin on august 27th 2011 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna .
alberto teisaire was a member of the labour party in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron and was a member of the labour party in argentina .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery . the leader of new york city is alexander l . wolf . wolf .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington d . c .
shiitake is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kgs and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
synthpop originated from pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . his club is fc dynamo moscow and he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
the chairman of ferencvárosi tc is gáferred kubatov .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mc manus .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is trenton . atlantic city is part of new jersey , where the largest city is newark .
carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county , maryland .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th december 2002 .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members . their ground is bryning lane .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
aleksandra kovač was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas in spain .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 and have the reference number 80002709 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
turk sehitleri anıtı is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
aleksandra kovač ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and started his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and bobina .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the bombing of libya in 1986 was involved in the united states air force .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . auburn has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore . the javanese people speak english and tony tan is the leader of singapore .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas in galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is t s thakur and narendra modi .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who is attached to chesterfield fc and plays for runcorn fc halton fc .
the alhambra , owned by p & o , is 8 . 3m long and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine . it was built by the samuda brothers .
tomato , a member of the solanaceae family , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada where the national anthem is o canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists armin van buuren , bobina , bobina , mark sixma , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , christian burns , jonny rose , jano , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
batagor is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient . it is a variation of shumai and shumai is a variation of the dish .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin who was born in birmingham , where liberal democrats are the leaders .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson is a member of the wildweeds band nrbq and once played with the band nrbq .
aaron turner played electric guitar for the band twilight and played with old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
american motors was manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr was succeeded by eagle and wheel horse is a subsidiary . the amc matador was manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
alan bean was an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bananaman first aired on october 3 , 1983 and starred jill shilling . it was created by steve bright .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
alan martin played football for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where italians live . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the people are known as italians .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
adare manor is located in adare , munster county limerick , county limerick , county limerick .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid , spain . enaire is operated by enaire .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is a dessert .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are champions .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
andrew white is signed to the record label universal records and is a member of the musical artist marry banilow and is associated with kaiser chiefs .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . he worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number of 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . in 1955 . he was a test pilot and is now retired .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . the reference number in the national register of historic places is 87000823 .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
james pain and george richard pain were the architect of adare manor .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s youth football club was fc anzhi makhachkala . he also played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
fallujah is in iraq .
aaron turner is an exponent of electroacoustic music . he is a singer for the band isis and sumac .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and the icao location identifier is viag .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
the atlas ii originated from the united states and was launched from vandenberg air force base .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres above sea level and has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
turk sehitleri anıtı is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
arem - arem is a dish found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on nov 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 0633 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is native americans . english is spoken in great britain .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in print .
sausage is a main ingredient in a bacon explosion .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle and his alma mater was princeton university .
ace wilder is an exponent of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač started her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and k2 .
binignit is a dessert from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and sago .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and has cumberland county to its southeast and frederick county to its southwest .
arianespace is located in courcouronnes and operates ela - 3 which has its headquarters at the guiana space centre . the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma and saab 9000 .
aek athens fc has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
massimo drago played for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
bananaman starred jill shilling and broadcast by the bbc .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
albennie jones is a performer of rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music . disco derives from rhythm and blues music .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . the leader of the united states is president .
aleksander barkov jr ' s club is the florida panthers and he was born on 2 september 1995 .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli ' s club is the italian national under 16 football team which is coached by daniele zoratto .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital city is london .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of the audi a1 .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
ace wilder was born in stockholm , stockholm , on july 23 , 1982 .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc and he plays for al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
american motors matador is also known as the amc matador .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
the singer andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he plays for fc spartak moscow and also for fc rubin kazan .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john clancy and is governed by the birmingham city council . the city has the b postcode and its governing body is birmingham city council .
aaron turner is from the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and lotus eaters band .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv fc .
alex plante was born in canada on 1989 - 05 - 09 - 1989 . he played for anyang halla .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
baked alaska is from hong kong , united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
addiction journal covers the academic discipline of addiction .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat , built by general dynamics electric boat .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a is the full name of a . c . lumezzane and play in the lega pro / a league .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
alan shepard is deceased .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e austin .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 204770 - 2 .
albany , oregon is in the u . s . where americans live and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
albennie jones is associated with the musical artist sammy price .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war conflict .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader of germany where berlin is the capital .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kgs .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label universal records . nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which is located in london .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
william anders was born in british hong kong , where frank borman was a member of the apollo 8 crew . chris patten was a representative .
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach is zvi sherf .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is amsterdam , which is part of the amsterdam - centrum . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
eric flint was born in burbank california .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cottage cheese is a leader in mexico .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
folk musician alison o ' donnell started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle and his alma mater was princeton university .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
andra is a singer associated with the singer puya and crbl . she performs dance pop music .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he was originally a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in dothan , alabama .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and was a member of the republican party in the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport has a runway name of 7 / 25 and a length of 1533 . 0 .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on the 5th december 2002 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where the leaders are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
aleksander barkov jr ' s draft team is the florida panthers and he was born in tampere , finland on 1 september 1995 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 2005 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . d . licata 1931 .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
atlanta falcons are based in the city of atlanta .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell . hip hop originates from funk and funk music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california . the city is led by the california state assembly and the english language is spoken in the san francisco bay area .
peter laird is a united states national .
angola is part of the state of indiana in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) , new york , united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , which is led by don guardian .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and resides in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and was succeeded by adenan satem .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
james craig watson died of peritonitis discovered 103 hera .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number of 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1974 .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara , the largest city is istanbul and the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and the currency is the turkish lira .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it was established in 2000 .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 model started in 1937 .
english is the language of the united states .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc whose ground is new douglas park .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
abel hernandez , whose club is central espanol , plays for central espanol , play in the uruguayan segunda division . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader and the euro is the currency .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is eissn number 2158 .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where the leaders are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and they speak italian . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where they speak italian .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois ( capital springfield ) , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abradab is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , plays for fc bari 1908 , plays for carrarese calcio and carrarese calcio .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war conflict , where leon trotsky was a commander .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , where cyrus vance jr . is part of brooklyn .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and started his career on march 4th 1974 .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
tomato is an ingredient of the blt .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau and malays are ethnic groups in sumatra .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod b . c . whose coach is zvi sherf .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with héctor numa moraes .
baked alaska is from the country of france . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france , where french is spoken .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston . the county seat of hays county is san marcos . spanish is spoken in texas .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a musical fusion genre of alternative rock .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired .
tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are the main ingredients in bakso which is made nationwide in neighbouring southeast asian countries .
populous was the architect of 3 arena in dublin .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
the alv x - 1 has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
ace wilder was born in stockholm , stockholm , on july 23 , 1982 .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a doctorate in science . william anders served as a backup pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , started his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
andrew white is signed to the record label universal records and is a member of the musical artist marry banilow and is associated with kaiser chiefs .
pop singer aleksandra kovač was born 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia . disco is a fusion genre of pop music .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town fc .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
john f kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 metres tall , was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage and is a related means of transportation .
adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas in spain .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs rhythm and blues music originated from blues music .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia , on the 27th september 1987 . his debut team was the atlanta falcons and his former team was the houston texans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a sedan body style and is related to the opel vol a and the fiat croma are related means of transportation .
the asilomar conference grounds are in the architecture of the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia .
antioch , california has an elevation of 13 . 0 above sea level and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , the manager of which , is thomas doll . he also plays for ferencvarosi tc whose home ground is palo seco velodrome and the chairman is ferencvarosi tc .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 is the club of a . c . cesena .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states army which fought in the whiskey rebellion .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin . it has an amc straight - 6 engine and is considered a mid - size car .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and served as a test pilot . david scott was a commander in apollo 12 , where alfred worden was a backup pilot .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
kevin eastman is the creator of april o ' neil .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city . the county seat of hays county is san marcos and english is spoken .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands to the netherlands .
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 and it was formerly known as 1928 sj . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders and alexis tsipras .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules can be found on the lockheed ac - 130 hercules and operation enduring freedom .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , percussion , autoharp , autoharp and funk .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , autoharp .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party . abel caballero was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in indonesia .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage . it is related to the aston martin dbs which is assembled in newport pagnell .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
dunwoody is the largest city in de kalb county , georgia .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti aniti .
shumai is located in china .
elliot see died 1966 - 02 - 28 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients of bakewell tart are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is brazilians .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy , where the capital is rome and the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
germans live in germany .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv fc .
al - zawra ' a sc ' s manager is basim qasim .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid , spain . enaire is operated by enaire .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubbio .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and is manufactured by yuzhnoye design office .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is signed to the record label shanachie records .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
luciano spalletti played for empoli fc and manages a . s . roma .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , has a station wagon and is assembled in mexico city .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
shiitake is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz in styria .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
born in faversham , cambridge , adam holloway , was a member of the conservative party in the uk .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
abel hernandez , whose youth club is central espanol , plays for us città di palermo . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of us citta di palermo .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and started his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and bobina .
california has the gemstone benitoite , and the gemstone of the benitoite .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the alvis speed 25 has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle axle axle axle axle axle .
the alco rs - 3 , built by the american locomotive company , has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
germans live in germany .
aaron turner is an exponent of electroacoustic music . he is a singer for the band isis and sumac .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in the soviet union national football team , played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county , maryland .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
aenir is written in english by australians and followed by above the veil .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway name of 18 l / 36 r and a length of 3310 . 0 .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia , on the 27th september 1987 . his debut team was the atlanta falcons and his former team was the houston texans .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
finnish is a language spoken in finland .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
christian burns plays the guitar .
a . s . livorno calcio play in the serie b league .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle in illinois has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town fc .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and mahe , india to its northwest .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
austin is part of hays county , texas where houston is the largest city and san marcos is the county seat .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war , which was part of the russian civil war . joseph stalin was a commander in the polish – soviet war .
aleksandre guruli played for us lesquin and his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and is in i ̇ stanbulspor a .
aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2 , 1995 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
albany , oregon is in the u . s . where americans live and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc .
abel hernandez played youth football for central español in the uruguayan segunda división . abel hernandez ' s club is the uruguay national football team and he also plays for the club u . s . città di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia and its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the four world trade center .
michele marcolini is the manager of a . c . lumezzane , who played for vicenza calcio and plays for vicenza calcio . the ground of a . c . lumezzane is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 and has a background as a solo singer .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 above sea level .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the largest city is fort worth .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 61510000000 . 0 kilometres .
turk sehitleri anıtı is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the asilomar conference grounds of asilomar state beach . the riverside art museum and hearst castle are the significant buildings of asilomar state beach .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in west germany .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci played for chelsea fc .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott , williams & wilkins , who published the aids ( journal ) in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara , the largest city is istanbul and the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and the currency is the turkish lira .
sumatra has an ethnic group called malays .
alvah sabin was born in vermont on october 23 , 1793 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the acharya institute of technology in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin fc whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . his successor was william m . o . dawson , who was governor of west virginia and his career ended on march 4th 1905 .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where houston is the largest city .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where washington d . c . is the capital .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the leader is the conservative party .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 61510000000 . 0 kilometres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . atlanta has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
agra airport in agra is operated by the airports authority of india . the iata location identifier is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
american buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary , austria - hungary .
batagor is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient . shumai and shumai are variations of the dish .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza olympic stadium . the ground of aek athens fc is the olympic stadium in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena in east link bridge .
alex day performs synthpop music .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to the shanachie records label .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
alan b miller hall , located in williamsburg , virginia , was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
new york city is part of new york .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia and its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
rock musician anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band billy iuso and is associated with the band voice of the wetlands all - stars .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
alvah sabin started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . auburn has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau and malays are ethnic groups in sumatra .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is signed to the record label universal records . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are francois hollande and gerard larcher .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is a leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
turk sehitleri anıtı is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , ky and raised in dothan , al . he is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and graduated from magdalene college in cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and served in the grenadier guards .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alan b miller hall , designed by robert a m stern , is located in virginia , united states . the current tenants of alan b miller hall are the mason school of business .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e austin .
a . s . livorno calcio play in the serie b league .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden and joe biden are leaders . english is the language spoken in the united states .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has an 8 . 3m ship beam .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston . spanish is spoken in texas .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . his genre is rock and roll which originated from blues music .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c .
austin is part of texas .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt , who plays for sv werder bremen ii , plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) , new york , united states .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland where the people are known as finns and juha sipila .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
pop singer aleksandra kovač was born 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia . disco is a fusion genre of pop music .
above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and rome is the capital .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
american buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malay peninsula .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
andra is a solo singer who was born in 1986 in câmpia turzii . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupoli who have 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
angola is part of the state of indiana in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e austin .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the guitar .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is from the guadalajara region .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are francois hollande and gerard larcher .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group and washington d . c . is the capital .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . the country ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and faroese is the faroese language .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is trenton . atlantic city is part of new jersey , where the largest city is newark .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french .
george winkler designed the 320 south boston building in the united states .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
luciano spalletti played for empoli fc and manages a . s . roma .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kgs .
magdalene college cambridge was the alma mater of adam holloway , who was born in kent .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . where steve bruce is the manager . abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
afc ajax ( abbreviated to afc ajax amateurs ) ( abbreviated to afc ajax amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . they have 5000 members .
patrick mc loughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region of the county of derbyshire . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage and is a related means of transportation .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery . the leader of new york city is alexander l . wolf . wolf .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders and alexis tsipras .
alan bean was an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he spent 100305 minutes in space and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel in the military .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
albany , georgia is in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war conflict , where leon trotsky was a commander .
the bbc , which has rona fairhead as a key person , is located in broadcasting house in broadcasting house , broadcasting house .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
bananaman first aired on october 3 , 1983 and starred jill shilling . it was created by steve bright .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
abner w . sibal ended his career on january 3 , 1965 .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was a member of the nigerian army and oladipo diya was preceded by oladipo diya .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 and have the reference number 80002709 .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . japan ' s leader is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups is chinese people .
buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
akeem ayers ' draft pick is 39 and his former team was the tennessee titans .
the aid astella , christening date of march 17th 2013 , is 253260 . 0 millimetres long and it is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are related means of transportation .
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary , austria - hungary .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and started his career on march 4th 1974 .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and owned by live nation entertainment .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a doctorate in science . william anders served as a backup pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is a dessert .
the de soto custom and the chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for the club u . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are jinnah international airport .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 ' s transmission is 4 - speed automatic zf 4 hp18 qe .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool , where gordon marsden is the leader .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation of aarhus airport which is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and the runway name is 10 l / 28 r .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with london based deram records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , plays for torino f . c . chievo verona and manages a . c . lumezzane .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
aek athens fc ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) and they play in the superleague greece .
ace wilder was born in sweden . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and disco and disco .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupoli who have 1500 members and their ground is located in efxeinoupoli .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he lives in kuching .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
the distributing company of rca records is sony music entertainment .
james craig watson ' s alma mater was the university of michigan .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and owned by live nation entertainment .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
250 delaware avenue ' s architectural style is postmodern .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham , england .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . where steve bruce is the manager . abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york , united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and italians live . the capital of italy is rome and the language spoken is italian .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , where the labour party is the leader .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the people of finland are known as finns and juha sipila .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
the aid astella , christening date of march 17th 2013 , is 253260 . 0 millimetres long and it is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
walter baade was born in the german empire and discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his alma mater was the university of gottingen . he died in gottingen .
alex day is a synthpop musician . synthpop has its origins in disco and disco .
county limerick is part of munster .
bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
albany , oregon is in the u . s . where americans live and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 0633 - 0633 - 6 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
folk musician , alison o ' donnell , was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle . she started performing in 1963 and is signed to floating world records .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
jorge humberto rodriguez ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for the el salvador national football team and alianza f . c .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle and his alma mater was princeton university .
al anderson plays country music for the banjo band .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
ace wilder is an exponent of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e austin .
folk musician alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookie is also a type of dessert .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , where the labour party is the leader .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee and later played for the new england patriots .
soho press is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a height of 42 metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa and 140000 . 0 square metres .
akeem ayers ' draft pick is 39 and his former team is the new england patriots .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich and contains lettuce .
abel hernandez , whose club is central espanol , plays for central espanol , play in the uruguayan segunda division . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post metal which uses the cello . he played for the band twilight and performed for house of low culture .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and was ordered on the 22nd january 2004 .
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
1089 tama has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato which is of the order solanales .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
barny cakes can be found in france , where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
abel hernandez , whose youth club is central espanol , plays for us città di palermo . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of us citta di palermo .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french .
aek athens fc ' s ground is in athens .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as and welfare .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , where cyrus vance jr . is part of brooklyn .
abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was the governor of connecticut .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team and fc tom tomsk .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was built by general dynamics electric boat .
populous was the architect of 3 arena in dublin .
binignit is a dish from the mindanao region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are the main ingredients in bakso which is made nationwide in neighbouring southeast asian countries .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where sumitra mahajan and vajubhai vala are leaders and the currency is the indian rupee .
atlantic city international airport is 23 metres above sea level and operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 and its length is 1873 . 0 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in print .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . mols is affiliated with the european university association .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states , where joe biden is a leader .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital is london and the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin virage .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) . the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is led by the conservative party uk .
folk rock musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has an academic staff size of 250 . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as and welfare .
george winkler designed the 320 south boston building in the united states and has 22 floors .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for chelsea fc and now plays for real zaragoza .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella are leaders .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . his club is fc dynamo moscow and he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and graduated from magdalene college in cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and served in the grenadier guards .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
binignit is a dish from the mindanao region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 2005 .
abradab performs hip hop music .
the comic book character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . the institute ' s president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is excellence .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in singapore .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
angola international airport ' s 1st runway is made of asphalt .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny , the ground of which , is located in grozny .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by a mayor .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . and english is spoken .
albert b . white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in bloomington , maryland and died in charleston , maryland .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister .
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and signed to philips records .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays football for hamilton academical fc and clyde fc .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and resides in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and was succeeded by adenan satem .
adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written by fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
aleksander barkov jr ' s draft team is the florida panthers and he was born in tampere , finland on 1 september 1995 .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 0633 - 6 .
massimo drago played for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
aaron deer ' s record label is kill rock stars .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where artur rasizade is the leader and the capital is baku .
afonso pena international airport in brasilia is operated by infraero and is 911 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
ace wilder was born in stockholm , stockholm , on july 23 , 1982 .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
allen forrest was born 1981 in fort campbell , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin and has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron turner performs electroacoustic music and played with the band twilight .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for the club u . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in the soviet union national football team , played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax n . v . and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
madrid is in spain .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , percussion , autoharp , autoharp and funk .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional sauce from lazio , italy .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akeem adams plays for w connection fc and united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules can be found on the lockheed ac - 130 hercules and operation enduring freedom .
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach is zvi sherf .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and mexican spanish is spoken .
alan b miller hall , located in williamsburg , virginia , was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , part of the american civil war , where one of the ethnic groups was native americans . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . mols is affiliated with the european university association .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed with b - unique records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b miller hall , which started in march 2007 .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area code for anaheim is 657 and 714 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an epoch date of november 26th 2005 .
bionico is found in the jalisco region .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and they speak italian . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where they speak italian .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician . jazz originates from folk music and has its stylistic origins in folk music . funk is a derivative of afrobeat .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional sauce from lazio , italy .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where the leader is called the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois in the united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
chicken is a bird .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are jinnah international airport .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and a mass of 5 . 6 kg . its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and kirk joseph .
county limerick is part of munster .
bionico is a food found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is mexican peso .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . new york city is the largest city .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc whose ground is new douglas park .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves abilene , texas . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
chicken is a bird .
james craig watson ' s alma mater was the university of michigan .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 . mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
eagle is the successor of the amc matador , manufactured by american motors .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is typical colombian cuisine .
al anderson is a member of the wildweeds band nrbq and once played with the band nrbq .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar for sumac . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital is london and the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin virage .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 and has a background as a solo singer .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian olusegun obasanjo , was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an academic discipline of paleobiology .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league and play in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , created by steven t seagle and the american duncan rouleau .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the guiana space centre .
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a height of 42 metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa and 140000 . 0 square metres .
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indian .
akron is part of summit county , ohio in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
alex plante was born in canada on 1989 - 05 - 09 - 1989 . he played for anyang halla .
arianespace is located in courcouronnes and operates ela - 3 which has its headquarters at the guiana space centre . the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
austin is part of hays county , texas where houston is the largest city and san marcos is the county seat .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein is a senator in california .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of sage publications which publishes administrative science quarterly and the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is steel azin fc and he plays for al shorta sc .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax n . v . and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
a . s . livorno calcio play in the serie b league .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an epoch date of november 26th 2005 .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in newport pagnell . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin virage and is manufactured by aston martin .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , which is led by don guardian .
afc ajax ( abbreviated to afc ajax amateurs ) ( abbreviated to afc ajax amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . they have 5000 members .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and played for sv babelsberg 03 . fc union berlin and now plays for sv zwickau .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and walt disney studios motion pictures .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where one of the languages spoken is arabic .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and it is led by kochi and the ganges river .
adam maher ' s club is az alkmaar and he plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and operated by aida cruises who are located in rostock . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
adam holloway was born in kent .
asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada where the national anthem is o canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
alan bean was born in alan la vern bean and served as a crew member of apollo 12 , operated by nasa . david scott was a commander in the apollo 12 mission . alfred worden was a backup pilot .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach is zvi sherf .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and rome is the capital .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where kochi is the leader .
gubbio comes from the umbria region .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . isaac rojas was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the atatürk monument is located in izmir .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , and lancia thema are related means of transportation .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft used by the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon in 1986 .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked at the united states house of representatives .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus . denmark is affiliated with the european university association .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
alvah sabin was born in vermont on october 23 , 1793 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , andrew mitchell , who was born in birmingham . the postcode area of birmingham is b and the leader is andrew mitchell .
alligator records is located in chicago .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 6155910000000 . 0 and it has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
abdulsalami abubakar , a member of the nigerian navy , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was succeeded by oladipo diya and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league and play in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
barny cakes can be found in france , where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . cyrus vance jr is one of the leaders in new york city .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . the club sandwich is popular in the uk .
peter laird is an american who created the character april o ' neil .
aaron turner is a singer who performs avant - garde metal music .
andrew white is signed to the record label universal records and is a member of the musical artist marry banilow and is associated with kaiser chiefs .
eagle is the successor of the amc matador , manufactured by american motors .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has an academic staff size of 250 . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the alco rs - 3 , built by the american locomotive company , has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod b . c . whose coach is zvi sherf .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andra is a solo singer who was born in 1986 in câmpia turzii . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
auburn is part of washington state in the u . s . the capital of the state is olympia .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and signed to philips records .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson and the european parliament are leaders of london .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 at the guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is typical colombian cuisine .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , plays for torino f . c . chievo verona and manages a . c . lumezzane .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc tom tomsk .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
the tennessee titans play in nashville , tennessee .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen . allan sandage was a doctoral student of walter baade .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish that contains shiitake and siomay .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of poales . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italian national under 16 football team .
albany , georgia is in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where americans live and where african americans are an ethnic group .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
spanish is spoken in new york .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
marriott international ( founded in washington d . c . ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen and uses the greenlandic language .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
indie rock originated from new wave music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the atatürk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was a backup pilot and frank borman was a backup pilot .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - khor sports club who play in al - khor sports club .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the atlas ii originated from the united states and was launched from vandenberg air force base .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the malay and batak are ethnic groups in sumatra .
the minotaur iv rocket antares is similar to the delta ii rocket . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alhambra was built by samuda brothers .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the guiana space centre .
bananaman starred graeme garden , broadcasted by stv .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united fc .
alan shepard , a crew member of apollo 14 , was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais . he plays for fc karpaty lviv which is managed by oleh luzhny . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of fc karpaty lviv .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays football for hamilton academical fc and clyde fc .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv fc .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin where francis g slay is the leader . he died in st . louis .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and the icao location identifier is viag .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , us , was a member of the whig party , where henry clay is the leader .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for a . c . milan who play in the serie a league . siniša mihajlović is the manager of a . c . milan who play in the serie a league .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
abdulsalami abubakar , a member of the nigerian navy , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was succeeded by oladipo diya and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where the leader is called the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the people of finland are known as finns and juha sipila .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 cm tall . his club is fc dynamo moscow and he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham . the city has the b postcode and is led by the labour party .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are african americans .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it can be found in the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in london .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
10 hygiea , which was formerly known as a900 ga , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
elliot see died 1966 - 02 - 28 .
sumatra has an ethnic group called malays .
arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres above sea level and has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
folk musician , alison o ' donnell , was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle . she started performing in 1963 and is signed to floating world records .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is signed to the record label shanachie records .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where spanish is spoken .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking . mr . hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii .
adam maher ' s club is the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people speak english and the dish are an ethnic group in java .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician . alternative rock originates from punk rock and is associated with marry banilow .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season .
eric flint was born in burbank california .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the currency is the rupiah and the language is indonesian .
the alhambra is now wrecked .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for maccabi ashdod b . c . whose coach is zvi sherf .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his former team is the los angeles rams .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
magdalene college cambridge was the alma mater of adam holloway , who was born in kent .
the comic book character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
aleksandre guruli played for us lesquin and his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage which is related to the aston martin dbs which is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
bhajji originates from india where sumitra mahajan is the leader and the currency is the indian rupee .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed with b - unique records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is 1 . 55 metres tall and has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
albany is part of georgia in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar for sumac . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders and the capital city is rome .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara , the largest city is istanbul and the atatürk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and the currency is the turkish lira .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the four world trade center .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
william anders was born in british hong kong , where frank borman was a member of the apollo 8 crew . chris patten was a representative .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was the deputy of stephen yong kuet tze and he was born in the kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people speak english and the dish are an ethnic group in java .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in dothan , alabama .
the novel castle is written in english .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves abilene , texas . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc are previous champions .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
akron is in summit county , ohio .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 204770 - 2 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kgs and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its national anthem is the germans of romania .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
bibbo wolfman , full name bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region , colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kg and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec .
acta mathematica hungarica , abbreviated to acta math . hungar . , has the issn number 0236 - 5294 and an lccn number of 83646315 .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states and leads anaheim , california .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team and fc tom tomsk .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
1089 tama has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins .
akeem ayers ' draft pick is 39 and his former team is the new england patriots .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region , colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
the novel castle is written in english .
adolf schärf was born in mikulov .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . the club sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . cyrus vance jr is one of the leaders in new york city .
the leader of atlanta is kasim .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road , university road .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and often ketchup .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music originated from disco and funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . philippe of belgium is the leader of the country and the dutch language is spoken .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04m and its final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa . he served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 mission .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron , summit county , ohio is located within the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . s . roma youth team .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
niger state was the birthplace of abdulsalami abubakar .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its national anthem is the germans of romania .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is brazilians .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on the 27th february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family apiaceae .
acf fiorentina ' s full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . they have 47290 members .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . and was a crew member of apollo 11 , operated by nasa .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
akron is in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
iraq born alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is shabab al - ordon and he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was vice president of new democracy and was succeeded by makis voridis .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat , built by general dynamics electric boat .
peter stöger is the manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for sk vorwärts steyr and fc admira wacker mödling .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . its dean is mario botta .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for blackburn rovers fc .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhi gadzhiyev .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as the parliamentary group leader .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and has a runway named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
adam maher ' s club is az alkmaar and he plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . the club sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich .
albany , georgia has the area code 229 .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the alternative name of bhajji is bhaji or bajji .
alan shepard is deceased .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its national anthem is the germans of romania .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc who play in al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc which is located in al khor .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a sedan body style and is related to the opel vol a and the fiat croma are related means of transportation .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery unit and served in the military .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , us , was a member of the whig party , where henry clay is the leader .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlovic .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are jinnah international airport .
adam maher ' s club is az alkmaar and he plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
the english language is spoken in canada .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in catalonia .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
aaron turner is a electric guitar player who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
abradab was born in poland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people speak english and the dish are an ethnic group in java .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he is associated with christian burns and christian burns .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the people of finland are known as finns and juha sipila .
aleksander barkov jr ' s draft team is the florida panthers and he was born in tampere , finland on 1 september 1995 .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza olympic stadium . the ground of aek athens fc is the olympic stadium in athens .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where houston is the largest city . english is spoken in texas .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04m and its final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato . sandesh and is served as a dessert .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
the amc matador model was manufactured in 1974 and was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered in the four world trade center .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory on 1896 - 02 - 01 .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with héctor numa moraes .
spanish is spoken in new york .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson plays the guitar for the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and is part of the fusion genre bhangra music .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and an oclc number of 8805735 .
the minotaur iv rocket antares is similar to the delta ii rocket . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier is oraa / 26 and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
the alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related types of transportation .
the alco rs - 3 , built by the american locomotive company , has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the currency is the rupiah and the language is indonesian .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
weymouth sands preceded a glastonbury romance .
bhajji originates from india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders and the currency is the indian rupee .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . jazz originates from blues and has its stylistic origins in the blues .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , where eberhard van der laan is the leader .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
alan b miller hall , located in williamsburg , virginia , was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
abradab is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
malaysian people are an ethnic group in malaysia .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he is associated with christian burns and christian burns .
peter laird is an american who created the character april o ' neil .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region , colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president . spanish is spoken in argentina .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city . the county seat of hays county is san marcos and english is spoken .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier is oraa / 26 and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato . sandesh and is served as a dessert .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
walter baade was born in the german empire and discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his doctoral student was allan sandage .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
tomato belongs to the order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which belongs to the order solanaceae .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the four world trade center .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for the russia national football b team and fc tom tomsk .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as and welfare .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft used by the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon in 1986 .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
rock musician anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band billy iuso and is associated with the band voice of the wetlands all - stars .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway name of 18 l / 36 r and a length of 3310 . 0 .
akeem adams plays for w connection fc and united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war , where robert e lee was a commander .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr . is a key person .
iraq born alaa abdul - zahra ' s club is shabab al - ordon and he plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post metal which uses the cello . he played for the band twilight and performed for house of low culture .
peter stöger plays for 1 . fc koln .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , and lancia thema are related means of transportation .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is eissn number 2158 .
abdul taib mahmud ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
elliot see died in st . louis ( part of the kingdom of france ) in 1966 .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the tennessee titans play in nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and the colour red is the colour .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . ganges is a river in india .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage . it is related to the aston martin dbs which is assembled in newport pagnell .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is the full name of a . s . livorno calcio which has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is 507 metres above sea level .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy and has a sedan body style .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 and it was formerly known as 1928 sj . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 0633 - 0633 - 6 .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is a leader .
aid astella was built by meyer werft who are located in germany and owned by costa crociere . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of the aid astella .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a is the full name of a . c . lumezzane and play in the lega pro / a league .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in print .
synthpop originated from pop music .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . his successor was william m . o . dawson , who was governor of west virginia and his career ended on march 4th 1905 .
elliot see died 1966 - 02 - 28 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
aaron turner performs electroacoustic music and played with the band twilight .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the atatürk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . new york city is the largest city .
al anderson is a member of the wildweeds band nrbq and once played with the band nrbq .
alan b miller hall , designed by robert a m stern , is located in virginia , united states . the current tenants of alan b miller hall are the mason school of business .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
addiction journal covers the academic discipline of addiction .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for a . c . milan who play in the serie a league . siniša mihajlović is the manager of a . c . milan who play in the serie a league .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , has a sedan body style and is related to the opel vol a and the fiat croma are related means of transportation .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
al - zawra ' a sc ' s manager is basim qasim .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . his genre is rock and roll which originated from blues music .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a musical fusion genre of alternative rock .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
aleksander barkov jr ' s club is the florida panthers and he was born on 2 september 1995 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri anıtı .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin fc whose ground is palo seco velodrome .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is brazilians .
the alvis speed 25 model started in 1937 .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader and the governing body is the eastern provincial council .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the comic book character ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and he was created by roger mc kenzie .
the delta ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and is comparable to delta ii .
audi is the manufacturer of the audi a1 . audi e - tron is a division of audi .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members . their ground is bryning lane .
born in faversham , cambridge , adam holloway , was a member of the conservative party in the uk .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and served as a test pilot . david scott was a commander in apollo 12 , where alfred worden was a backup pilot .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road , gujarat .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken and sandesh is also a dessert .
alan martin played football for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
the atlas ii originated from the united states and was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteapta - te , române , române ! and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the us locomotive company . it was founded in schenectady , new york .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code of atlantic city is 609 .
william anders joined nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . william anders was a member of the nasa operated apollo 8 mission .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 and has a background as a solo singer .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
john buscema won the eisner award .
aleksandra kovač performs rhythm and blues music .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , started his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . andreas voßkuhle is a leader of germany where berlin is the capital .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands to the netherlands .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte . agnes kant , who worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , is led by khadija arib .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where the leaders are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where houston is the largest city .
akron is in summit county , ohio , in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
adare manor is located in adare , munster county limerick , county limerick , county limerick .
akeem ayers ' draft pick is 39 and his former team was the tennessee titans .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
aenir is written in english by australians and followed by above the veil .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kgs and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
austin , texas has a total area of 737 and a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area codes for austin are 512 and 737 . 95 square kilometres .
alan bean was an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , and lancia thema are related means of transportation .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code of atlantic city is 609 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
anaheim is in orange county , california , in the united states .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois ( capital springfield ) , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he lives in kuching .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics .
andrew white is signed to the record label polydor records which is located in london .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located at the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
the largest city in oregon is portland .
antwerp international airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , serves the city of antwerp . it is 12 metres above sea level and is owned by the flemish region .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where daniel martinez is the leader and the people are known as uruguayans .
michigan is in the united states .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
shiitake is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of shumai .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it was established in 2000 .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party . abel caballero was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the president is elizabeth garrett .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california . the city is led by the california state assembly and the english language is spoken in the san francisco bay area .
aid astella was built by meyer werft who are located in germany and owned by costa crociere . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of the aid astella .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and the colour red is the colour .
arianespace is located in courcouronnes and operates ela - 3 which has its headquarters at the guiana space centre . the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alex plante was born in canada on 1989 - 05 - 09 - 1989 . he played for anyang halla .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore . standard chinese is spoken in java , where the leader is tony tan and the baduy are an ethnic group .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it contains banana .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 and is now retired .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . americans live and african americans are an ethnic group there .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property . carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , maryland , which has cumberland county to its southwest and frederick county to its southwest .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois in the united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
andrew white is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
buzz aldrin was an american born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
aleksandra kovač was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are champions of serie b .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where english is spoken and the largest city is round rock . austin is part of williamson county , where the county seat is georgetown .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . cyrus vance jr is one of the leaders in new york city .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . the reference number in the national register of historic places is 87000823 .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and originates from the region of malaysia .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
anaheim is part of california , where the united states house of representatives leads anaheim .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs rhythm and blues music originated from blues music .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the delta ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and is comparable to delta ii .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival style of architecture .
andra is a solo singer who was born in 1986 in câmpia turzii . she is a reality tv judge and reality tv judge .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where one of the languages spoken is arabic .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish that contains shiitake and siomay .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
orange county , california is in the united states .
madrid is in spain .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
410777 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
tomato belongs to the order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which belongs to the order solanaceae .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 6 . 81 square kilometres . the population density of alexandria is 755 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
the alhambra , which is 63800 . 0 millimetres long , has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the alhambra , owned by p & o , is 8 . 3m long and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine . it was built by the samuda brothers .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . spanish is spoken in the country .
ace wilder was born in sweden . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and disco and disco .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to the rabadash records label . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who performs pop music .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
the alv x - 1 was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was a member of the united states house of representatives . he was succeeded by albert e austin .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery unit and served in the military .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte . agnes kant , who worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , is led by khadija arib .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken and sandesh is also a dessert .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr . is a key person .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is signed to the record label universal records . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he spent 8820 minutes in space and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
anderson , indiana is 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
california has the gemstone benitoite , and the gemstone of the benitoite .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and often ketchup .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
hip hop music originated from funk music .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and originates from the region of malaysia .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business which was founded by julius springer .
akron is in summit county , ohio .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
alex day is a synthpop musician . synthpop has its origins in disco and disco .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland where the people are known as finns and juha sipila .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , which is led by don guardian .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was built by general dynamics electric boat .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 61510000000 . 0 kilometres .
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indian .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
the amc matador model was manufactured in 1974 and was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . his recording label is rca records and his musical genre is candombe .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its government is magistrate .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with london based deram records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
american buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa . he served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 mission .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
audi was founded by august horch .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 kilometres .
the audi a1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout . it is assembled in brussels and has a 1 - wheel drive layout .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell tart .
ace wilder was born in stockholm , in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 metres tall , was born in brandon , manitoba and plays for anyang halla .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
antioch , california has the area code 925 .
turk sehitleri anıtı is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews . the airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs taquirari music .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . the leader of andalusia is susana diaz and the leader is felipe vi .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . spanish is spoken in the country .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and is in i ̇ stanbulspor a .
fallujah is in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
aaron turner is a electric guitar player who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 0633 - 6 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 . william anders was a backup pilot .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
batagor ' s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department of colombia . lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and is a member of the rutaceae family .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 metres tall , was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs milonga music .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist johnny sansone .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
the atlas ii originated from the united states and was launched from vandenberg air force base .
buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
the de soto custom and the chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
albany is a city in oregon , where salem is the capital .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of poales . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of india is sumitra mahajan and the legislative assembly is called the gujarat legislative assembly .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , the manager of which , is thomas doll . he also plays for ferencvarosi tc whose home ground is palo seco velodrome and the chairman is ferencvarosi tc .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league and play in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
aleksander barkov jr ' s height is 1 . 905 .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc and he plays for al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
103 colmore row , completed in 1976 , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
afc ajax ( abbreviated to afc ajax amateurs ) ( abbreviated to afc ajax amateurs ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . they have 5000 members .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and now plays for empoli f . c . as roma .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the anthem is the star spangled banner . americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are native americans .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc who play in al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc which is located in al khor .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was launched on the 25th january 1969 and has a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
andrew white ' s record label is b - unique records .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the president is elizabeth garrett .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
anaheim is part of california , where the united states house of representatives leads anaheim .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on the 27th february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
al anderson plays country music for the banjo band .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri anıtı .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , in fort campbell , texas .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al . it is 512 pages long and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte . agnes kant , who worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , is led by khadija arib .
airey neave started his career on 30th june 1953 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was launched on the 25th january 1969 and has a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
bhajji originates from india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders and the currency is the indian rupee .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii from the united states and was launched at the cape canaveral air force station .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena , shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
john f kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
alligator records is located in chicago .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label universal records . nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which is located in london .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the atatürk monument is located in izmir .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
andrew rayel started his career in 2009 .
spanish is spoken in california .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is 507 metres above sea level .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
andrew white ' s record label is b - unique records .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders and alexis tsipras .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 3rd march 1857 .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , uk in 1872 . he died in london .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia and its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the american locomotive company . it was founded in schenectady , new york .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . in 1955 . he was a test pilot and is now retired .
tony tan and halimah yacob are leaders in singapore where standard chinese is spoken and beef kway teow is a dish .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena , shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 and is 252000 . 0 millimetres long .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital city is cape town and asian south africans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists armin van buuren , bobina , bobina , mark sixma , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , christian burns , jonny rose , jano , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages and is available in print .
the comic book character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where kochi is the leader .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company in coventry .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kg , was born on prince edward island in 1986 .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an epoch date of november 26th 2005 .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b miller hall , which started in march 2007 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where italian is spoken .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states .
aleksander barkov jr ' s club is the florida panthers and he was born on 2 september 1995 .
andrew white is signed to the record label polydor records which is located in london .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
the audi a1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout . it is assembled in brussels and has a 1 - wheel drive layout .
american motors matador is also known as the amc matador .
st . louis rams play in st . louis .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is grozny and he also plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , române ! , române ! and its leader is klaus iohannis saint is bucharest .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , part of the american civil war , where one of the ethnic groups was native americans . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . his recording label is rca records and his musical genre is candombe .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , where eberhard van der laan is the leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway name of 18 l / 36 r and a length of 3310 . 0 .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . opelika is the county seat .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 . william anders was a backup pilot .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
afc blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " . they have 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire .
allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
azal arena is located in baku .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti aniti aniti aniti aniti aniti aniti aniti .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . he worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where washington d . c . is the capital .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin who was born in birmingham , where liberal democrats are the leaders .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham , england .
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend .
finnish is a language spoken in finland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where english is spoken and the leader is called the president . asian americans are an ethnic group in the us .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
the alvis speed 25 , manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company , was founded in coventry . it has a straight - six engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
costa crociere is the owner of the aid astella which is operated by aida cruises who are located in genoa .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell tart .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 . william anders was a backup pilot .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in 1896 - 02 - 01 - 01 .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war , where robert e lee was a commander .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage and is a related means of transportation .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was a german national .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york , united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , created by steven t seagle and the american duncan rouleau .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
the amc matador model was manufactured in 1974 and was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
adolf schärf was born in mikulov .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kgs and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
bionico is found in the jalisco region .
mendrisio is located in the municipality of meride in the municipality of meride in the municipality of meride .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
abel hernandez , whose youth club is central espanol , plays for us città di palermo . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of us citta di palermo .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and it is led by kochi and the ganges river .
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and singapore . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
mark rutte is a leader in the netherlands .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 and is now retired .
elliot see died 1966 - 02 - 28 .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader and the euro is the currency .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy , where the capital is rome and the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
rock musician anders osborne started performing in 1989 . he is associated with the band billy iuso and is associated with the band voice of the wetlands all - stars .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas in spain .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato . sandesh and is served as a dessert .
aaron turner performs electroacoustic music and played with the band twilight .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , autoharp .
washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where white americans are an ethnic group and the largest city is new york city .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
sausage is a main ingredient in a bacon explosion .
aleksander barkov jr ' s height is 1 . 905 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county .
audi was founded by august horch .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he spent 8820 minutes in space and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in dothan , alabama .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and sergio mattarella are leaders . italy ' s capital is rome and the official language is italian .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american and english is spoken .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and started his career in 2009 . he is associated with jwaydan moyine and bobina .
aaron turner is from the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and lotus eaters band .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , has an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
ducati is a subsidiary of the audi a1 which was founded by august horch . lamborghini is a subsidiary of the audi e - tron .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant of which is jong ajax .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin who was born in birmingham , where liberal democrats are the leaders .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in the soviet union national football team , played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov .
aek athens fc ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) and they play in the superleague greece .
andrew white is signed to the record label polydor records which is located in london .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and kirk joseph .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the alhambra , which is 63800 . 0 millimetres long , has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he was originally a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
costa crociere is the owner of the aid astella which is operated by aida cruises who are located in genoa .
jorge humberto rodriguez ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for the el salvador national football team and alianza f . c .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and was a member of the republican party in the united states .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where sumitra mahajan and vajubhai vala are leaders and the currency is the indian rupee .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
folk musician alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
carroll county , maryland is southeast of adams county , maryland .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , where the labour party is the leader .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the american locomotive company . it was founded in schenectady , new york .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc who play in al khor . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc which is located in al khor .
above the veil is available in print .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
marriott international ( founded in washington d . c . ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen and uses the greenlandic language .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
california has the gemstone benitoite , and the gemstone of the benitoite .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his former team is the los angeles rams .
acf fiorentina ' s full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . they have 47290 members .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway name of 10 r / 28 l .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the u . s . where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
albany , georgia is in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato which is of the order solanales .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california . the city is led by the california state assembly and the english language is spoken in the san francisco bay area .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
107 camilla , discovered by c woods , has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
agra airport in agra is operated by the airports authority of india . the iata location identifier is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier viag .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
aleksandra kovač is a pop musician who is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and k2 .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab .
the bbc , which has rona fairhead as a key person , is located in broadcasting house in broadcasting house , broadcasting house .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , usa . he is now retired .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it can be found in the philippines .
julia morgan was born in california and designed significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas in galicia , spain and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abdulsalami abubakar , who worked as the chief of the defence staff , was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and his successor was isaac rojas . he was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . its dean is mario botta .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean was born in alan la vern bean and served as a crew member of apollo 12 , operated by nasa . david scott was a commander in the apollo 12 mission . alfred worden was a backup pilot .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
107 camilla was discovered by a storrs .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
albennie jones is a performer of rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music . disco derives from rhythm and blues music .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where spanish is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc tom tomsk .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
weymouth sands preceded a glastonbury romance .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere who are located in genoa .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are the main ingredients in bakso which is made nationwide in neighbouring southeast asian countries .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin and has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is grozny and he also plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its government is magistrate .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county .
alan bean is from the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s youth football club was fc anzhi makhachkala . he also played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri anıtı .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . americans live and african americans are an ethnic group there .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard is deceased .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway name of 10 r / 28 l .
alan martin was born on the 21st january 1989 and plays for the scotland national under 21 football team . he is 185 . 42 cm tall and crewe alexandra fc .
dance pop singer andra was born in romania and has a background as a solo singer .
aaron turner is from the united states and started performing in 1995 . he played for old man gloom and lotus eaters band .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where the leader is called the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . the country ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and faroese is the faroese language .
alberto teisaire was from argentina , where spanish is spoken and where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader .
al anderson plays the guitar for the band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and is part of the fusion genre bhangra music .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company in coventry .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom , where the capital is london and the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin virage .
alan bean is from the united states .
al - zawra ' a sc ' s manager is basim qasim .
barny cakes ' s size is 30 . 0 g .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the audi a1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - wheel drive layout . it is assembled in brussels and has a 1 - wheel drive layout .
danes live in denmark .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . d . licata 1931 .
austin , texas has a total area of 737 and a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area codes for austin are 512 and 737 . 95 square kilometres .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
300 north la salle is in chicago and has 60 floors .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design .
the alco rs - 3 , built by the american locomotive company , has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was a member of the nigerian army and oladipo diya was preceded by oladipo diya .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of india is sumitra mahajan and the legislative assembly is called the gujarat legislative assembly .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . agra airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and performs rhythm and blues music . disco derives from rhythm and blues .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the architect augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor and designed by augustus pugin .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , autoharp , autoharp , autoharp and funk are a derivative of jazz .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american and english is spoken .
abradab is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlovic .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
acoustic musician alex day started performing in 2006 . he is associated with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with charlie mc donnell .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict , where jefferson davis was a commander .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m and is currently in service .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , andrew mitchell , who was born in birmingham . the postcode area of birmingham is b and the leader is andrew mitchell .
malaysian people are an ethnic group in malaysia .
alessio romagnoli is a defender for a . c . milan who play in the serie a league . siniša mihajlović is the manager of a . c . milan who play in the serie a league .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman was a backup pilot .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 .
the leader of atlanta is kasim .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and was ordered on the 22nd january 2004 .
abdul taib mahmud ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the asilomar conference grounds of asilomar state beach . the riverside art museum and hearst castle are the significant buildings of asilomar state beach .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend .
the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the american locomotive company . it was founded in schenectady , new york .
the alternative name of bhajji is bhaji or bajji .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly , california .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and the american , duncan rouleau .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem priestley plays for ro ps in the veikkausliiga league .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . the reference number in the national register of historic places is 87000823 .
tomato is an ingredient of the blt .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered in the four world trade center .
acf fiorentina ' s full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a . they have 47290 members .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the aston martin vantage . it is related to the aston martin dbs which is assembled in newport pagnell .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members . their ground is bryning lane .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched at the yuzhnoye design office .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier is oraa / 26 and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party . abel caballero was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number of 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and one of the languages spoken is arabic . batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who play in houston . he later played for the houston texans who play in texas .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and played for the italy national under - 17 football team .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
1089 tama has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 kilometres .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
allen forrest was born 1981 in fort campbell , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
batagor is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient . shumai and shumai are variations of the dish .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupoli who have 1500 members and their ground is located in efxeinoupoli .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine english is the official language and one of the languages spoken is arabic . batchoy is eaten in the philippines .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st , 1969 . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a backup pilot .
agnes kant was born in west germany and lives in doesburg . she was a member of the house of representatives and was a member of the radboud university nijmegen .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark , where faroese is spoken and the leader is margrethe ii of denmark .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cottage cheese is a leader in mexico .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the atatürk monument is located in izmir , turkey .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia has the area code 229 .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are african americans .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he has retired .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain , whose predecessor was francisco franco .
eric flint was born in burbank california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
alan bean is from the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is a leader . honey can be added to bionico .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais . he plays for fc karpaty lviv which is managed by oleh luzhny . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of fc karpaty lviv .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
aek athens f . c . played in the superleague of greece in 2014 . they have 69618 members and played in the superleague greece .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and italians live . the capital of italy is rome and the language spoken is italian .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
ace wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco .
new york city is part of new york .
dance pop singer andra was born in romania and has a background as a solo singer .
abner is a footballer for the cd fas club and previously played for real madrid castilla . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is from the guadalajara region .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where english is spoken and paul ryan is the leader . the capital is washington d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 and is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
peter laird is an american who created the character april o ' neil .
alexandria , indiana is 265 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 6 . 81 square kilometres . the population density of alexandria is 755 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubbio .
aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi , is 178 . 0 centimetres tall and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was designed by 3 xn and has 23 floors .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where amarillo , texas is located .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus . denmark is affiliated with the european university association .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
rhythm and blues musician aleksandra kovač is associated with k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) and kristina kovač .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the new democracy party in greece , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
the aid astella , christening date of march 17th 2013 , is 253260 . 0 millimetres long and it is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy and has a sedan body style .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe ' s predecessor oladipo diya was oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the country ' s largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car with a honda k engine and all - wheel drive . it is assembled in marysville , ohio .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it contains banana .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 and is now retired .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
tomato , a member of the solanaceae family , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
the comic book character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
adam mc quaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
st . louis rams play in st . louis .
albert b . white was married to agnes ward white .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
akron is part of summit county , ohio in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
adam holloway was born in kent and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge and he fought in the gulf war .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
bibbo wolfman , full name bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi which is managed by levan khomeriki .
the leader of dublin is críona ní dhálaigh .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is related to the fiat croma and the saab 9000 are related means of transport .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . its orbital period is 183309000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) . the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is led by the conservative party uk .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
james craig watson died of peritonitis discovered 103 hera .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
manhattan is part of new york .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . s . roma youth team .
atlantic city international airport is 23 metres above sea level and operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 and its length is 1873 . 0 .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena in east link bridge .
albany , georgia is in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where americans live and where african americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson plays country music for the banjo band .
baked alaska is from hong kong , united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
aaron turner is a singer who performs black metal music . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . engine .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena in east link bridge .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to the rabadash records label . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
a . c . chievo verona play in verona , italy and has 39371 members .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and an oclc number of 8805735 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
anders osborne is a rock musician signed to the rabadash records label . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . japan ' s leader is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups is chinese people .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . spanish is spoken in the country .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kgs and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was launched on the 25th january 1969 and has a ship beam of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages and is available in print .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is sanat mes kerman fc .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
aenir is written in english by australians and followed by above the veil .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the atatürk monument is located in izmir .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al . it is 512 pages long and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 metres tall , was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
folk musician alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al . it is 512 pages long and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e austin .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states . his background is non performing personnel and his genre is rhythm and blues .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh is also a dessert .
washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where white americans are an ethnic group and the largest city is new york city .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
james pain and george richard pain were the architect of adare manor .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
julia morgan was born in california and designed significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco .
alex plante , who was born in canada in 1989 , is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 . 0 kelvins .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party of san sebastian de los reyes is the people ' s party .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is 1 . 55 metres tall and has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is spoken in california .
born in the netherlands , adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven and he plays for az alkmaar .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
1089 tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the acura tlx and honda accord are related means of transportation .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn is part of washington state in the u . s . the capital of the state is olympia .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club .
james craig watson was a canadian national who discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 and it was formerly known as 1928 sj . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of sage publications which publishes administrative science quarterly and the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
english is the language of the united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and served as a test pilot . david scott was a commander in apollo 12 , where alfred worden was a backup pilot .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and the icao location identifier is viag .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . auburn has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 is the club of a . c . cesena .
a long long way was written in english .
alan bean is from the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres above sea level and has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1974 .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients of bakewell tart are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . makis voridis was prime minister .
the airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was a commander .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in london .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president . spanish is spoken in argentina .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the anthem is the star spangled banner . americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are native americans .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and the length is 3990 . 0 .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and served as a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . opelika is the county seat .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau and malays are ethnic groups in sumatra .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
agnes kant , a national of the netherlands , worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte and the leader is khadija arib .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
abel hernandez ' s club is penarol which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was succeeded by price daniel .
alan martin played football for accrington stanley fc , whose ground is accrington stanley fc .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the christening date of the a - rosa luna is 2005 - 04 - 2005 .
michigan is in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states . he performs psychedelia music .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is trenton . atlantic city is part of new jersey , where the largest city is newark .
alex day is a synthpop musician . synthpop has its origins in disco and disco .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th , 1978 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is t s thakur and narendra modi .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat , built by general dynamics electric boat .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
kevin eastman is the creator of april o ' neil .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois ( capital springfield ) , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago .
abdulsalami abubakar , a member of the nigerian navy , was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was succeeded by oladipo diya and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , us , was a member of the whig party , where henry clay is the leader .
soho press is located in the united states .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
james pain and george richard pain were the architect of adare manor .
the asilomar conference grounds are in the architecture of the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
aleksandre guruli played for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was a backup pilot and frank borman was a backup pilot .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , avocado and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records and deram records .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin virage and is manufactured by aston martin .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres . its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the new democracy party in greece , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . the leader of andalusia is susana diaz and the leader is felipe vi .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the president is elizabeth garrett .
aleksandra kovač ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , autoharp , autoharp , autoharp and funk are a derivative of jazz .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
rock and roll originated from blues music .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
aid aluna is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california and is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . was founded in california .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
peter laird is a united states national .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is grozny and he also plays for fc terek grozny which is managed by rashid rakhimov .
bhajji originates from india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders and the currency is the indian rupee .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
alex day performs synthpop music .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where washington d . c . is the capital .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 3rd march 1857 .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . where steve bruce is the manager . abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
auburn is part of washington state in the u . s . the capital of the state is olympia .
john f kennedy ' s predecessor was dwight .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is the conservative party of canada .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader and the euro is the currency .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston . spanish is spoken in texas .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
the alvis speed 25 has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle axle axle axle axle axle .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - zawra ' a sc and he plays for al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 kilometres per second .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and his successor was isaac rojas . he was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , usa . he is now retired .
baked alaska is from hong kong , united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and started his career on march 4th 1974 .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
300 north la salle in illinois has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
attica , indiana is elevated 166 . 0 above sea level .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the u . s .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
indian people live in india .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada . inuktitut is the leader and the language spoken is inuktitut .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he performs rhythm and blues music originated from blues music .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti aniti aniti aniti aniti aniti aniti aniti .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
blues artist anders osborne started performing in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit . he is associated with billy iuso and galactic .
ska punk musician aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band . ska punk originated from ska music .
alberto teisaire was a member of the labour party in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron and was a member of the labour party in argentina .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in 1896 - 02 - 01 - 01 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport in brasilia is operated by infraero and is 911 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to the shanachie records label .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . its orbital period is 183309000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married to agnes ward white . his successor was william m . o . dawson , who was governor of west virginia and his career ended on march 4th 1905 .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and originates from the region of malaysia .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
abner plays for the brazilian national under 20 football team and real madrid castilla which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in 1896 - 02 - 01 - 01 .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the u . s .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was vice president of new democracy and was succeeded by makis voridis .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music originated from disco and funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the anthem is the star spangled banner . americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are native americans .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , has a station wagon and is assembled in mexico city .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
andrew white started his career in 2003 and is signed to the record label universal records . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
karl kesel is an american .
airey neave was awarded the royal artillery unit and served in the military .
american motors was manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr was succeeded by eagle and wheel horse is a subsidiary . the amc matador was manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who performs pop music .
the alv x - 1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
airey neave was a lieutenant colonel in the military .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m and is currently in service .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
populous was the architect of 3 arena in dublin .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in the apollo 8 .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . the leader of the united states is president .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , avocado and lemon .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
james craig watson died of peritonitis discovered 103 hera .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin . it has an amc straight - 6 engine and is considered a mid - size car .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party of san sebastian de los reyes is the people ' s party .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
gabriela michetti is a leader in buenos aires .
albany is part of georgia in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where amarillo , texas is located .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
akeem adams plays for w connection fc and united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is palo seco .
abel hernandez ' s club is hull city a . f . c . città di palermo and he played youth football for central espanol .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , in london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
alv x - 1 originated in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it contains banana .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary , austria - hungary .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader .
california has the gemstone benitoite , and the gemstone of the benitoite .
1 fc magdeburg has 271 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
audi is the manufacturer of the audi a1 . audi e - tron is a division of audi .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico .
virginia de marce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was written by virginia de marce .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovač performs rhythm and blues music .
the acharya institute of technology in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella are leaders .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
the alvis speed 25 , manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company , was founded in coventry . it has a straight - six engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label universal records . nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which is located in london .
costa crociere is the owner of the aid astella which is operated by aida cruises who are located in genoa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kg , was born on prince edward island in 1986 .
pacific grove is part of california .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
elliot see died 1966 - 02 - 28 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john clancy and is governed by the birmingham city council . the city has the b postcode and its governing body is birmingham city council .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states army which fought in the whiskey rebellion .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott , williams & wilkins , who published the aids ( journal ) in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician who performs alternative rock music .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and is now retired .
julia morgan was born in california and designed significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco .
fallujah is in iraq .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered in the four world trade center .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for blackburn rovers fc .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy and has a sedan body style .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . he fought in world war ii and ended his career on 30th march 1974 .
buzz aldrin was an american born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteapta - te , române , române ! and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena , completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , where rome is the capital and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . philippe of belgium is the leader of the country and the dutch language is spoken .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
afc fylde ( abbreviated to " association football club fylde " ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
peter stöger plays for 1 . fc koln .
bionico is a food found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is mexican peso .
aleksandre guruli played for us lesquin and his club is olympique lyonnais whose home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx has a awd layout .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis and led by francis g . slay .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital city is london .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james w . reid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , spain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alvis speed 25 has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle axle axle axle axle axle .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where one of the languages spoken is arabic .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
bananaman starred jill shilling and broadcast by the bbc .
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins .
peter stöger plays for 1 . fc koln .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
alvah sabin started his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell . hip hop originates from funk and funk music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
alternative rock musician andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhi gadzhiyev .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and mexican spanish is spoken .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
massimo drago played for s . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft used by the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon in 1986 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , new york . it has 12 floors and a postmodern style of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and has cumberland county to its southeast and frederick county to its southwest .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war where george h . w . bush was a commander .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and is now retired .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 and is 252000 . 0 millimetres long .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , madrid , spain . enaire is operated by enaire .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc are previous champions .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop originated from pop music .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where english is spoken and the largest city is round rock . austin is part of williamson county , where the county seat is georgetown .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery . the leader of new york city is alexander l . wolf . wolf .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
abner is a footballer for the cd fas club and previously played for real madrid castilla . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by a mayor .
akeem dent used to play for the atlanta falcons .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who studied at the university of michigan and died of peritonitis in madison , wisconsin .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres . it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
the singer andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . the club sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 2 nakadori .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist johnny sansone .
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and singapore . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for chelsea fc and real madrid c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital and asian americans are an ethnic group .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz , austria .
the bombing of libya in 1986 was involved in the united states air force .
afc blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " . they have 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader and the governing body is the eastern provincial council .
alberto teisaire ' s profession is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
aaron deer ' s record label is kill rock stars .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john clancy and is governed by the birmingham city council . the city has the b postcode and its governing body is birmingham city council .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blestiniog a glastonbury romance .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and it is led by kochi and the ganges river .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
adam mc quaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kg , was born on prince edward island in 1986 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
1101 clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce from rome , italy .
300 north la salle in illinois has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
adolf schärf was born in mikulov .
ace wilder is an exponent of hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music which originated from funk music .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where spanish is spoken .
akron , summit county , ohio is located within the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
james craig watson , a canadian national , discovered 103 hera . he studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin and has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and performs rhythm and blues music . disco derives from rhythm and blues .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united fc .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . in the uruguayan primera división . he also plays for hull city afc which is managed by steve bruce .
beef kway teow is a dish found in indonesia .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . s . roma youth team .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where english is spoken and paul ryan is the leader . the capital is washington d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and mahe , india to its northwest .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malay peninsula .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is a leader and died in graz .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the us locomotive company . it was founded in schenectady , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is steel azin fc and he plays for al shorta sc .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and worked as the secretary of state of vermont .
abdulsalami abubakar ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in newport pagnell . it has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th , 1978 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are champions of serie b .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
aleksandra kovač was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , usa . he is now retired .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
walter baade was born in the german empire and discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his alma mater was the university of gottingen . he died in gottingen .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma and saab 9000 .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states . he performs psychedelia music .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin on august 27th 2011 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
barny cakes can be found in france , where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he spent 52 minutes in space as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , percussion , autoharp , autoharp and funk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict , where jefferson davis was a commander .
agra airport in agra is operated by the airports authority of india . the iata location identifier is agr and the iata location identifier is viag .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna .
afc fylde ( abbreviated to " association football club fylde " ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 . 0 kelvins .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - khor sports club who play in al - khor sports club .
above the veil is the sequel to the violet keystone and above the veil . the novel was preceded by aenir and castle castle .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is the leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , in london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
albany , georgia is in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states and leads anaheim , california .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital city is london .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . opelika is the county seat .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders and alexis tsipras .
alex day performs synthpop music .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh is also a dessert .
albert b . white , who was married to agnes ward white , started his career on march 4th 1905 and finished it on march 4th 1905 .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in west germany .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
arem - arem is a dish found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states . he performs psychedelia music .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
albert b . white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in bloomington , maryland and died in charleston , maryland .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by siniša mihajlovic .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by a mayor .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 22nd september 1941 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasilia .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adam holloway was born in kent and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge and he fought in the gulf war .
arem - arem is a dish found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
albany is a city in oregon , where salem is the capital .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee and later played for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers ' draft pick is 39 and his former team is the new england patriots .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
aid astella was built by meyer werft who are located in germany and owned by costa crociere . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of the aid astella .
al anderson plays rock music which originated from country music . rock music originated from country music and is part of the fusion genre bhangra music .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv bc in the turkish basketball super league .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
buzz aldrin was an american born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada where the national anthem is o canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , created by steven t seagle and the american duncan rouleau .
sara miller mc cune is the founder of sage publications which publishes administrative science quarterly and the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician who performs alternative rock music .
antwerp international airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , serves the city of antwerp . it is 12 metres above sea level and is owned by the flemish region .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in west germany .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where joe biden and joe biden are leaders . english is the language spoken in the united states .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston . georgetown is the county seat .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii from the united states and was launched at the cape canaveral air force station .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , and the fiat croma are related means of transport .
the atlas ii originates from the united states where americans live and african americans are an ethnic group .
rhythm and blues musician aleksandra kovač is associated with k2 ( kovač sisters duo ) and kristina kovač .
akron is in summit county , ohio , in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is similar to the delta ii from the united states and was launched at the cape canaveral air force station .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa . dianne feinstein is a senator and the gemstone benitoite .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the hal light combat helicopter is the operating organisation for agra airport .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . italian is spoken there and the capital city is rome .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
the alvis speed 25 , manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company , was founded in coventry . it has a straight - six engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
folk musician alison o ' donnell was in the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
antioch , california has the area code 925 .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . the club sandwich is popular in the uk .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of antietam which was part of the american civil war , where robert e lee was a commander .
300 north la salle is in chicago and has 60 floors .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
manhattan is part of new york .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where german is spoken .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who is attached to chesterfield fc and plays for runcorn fc halton fc .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a diesel - electric transmission .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
orange county , california is in the united states .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president . spanish is spoken in argentina .
alessio romagnoli ' s club is the italian national under 16 football team which is coached by daniele zoratto .
alan martin played football for accrington stanley fc , whose ground is accrington stanley fc .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and the colour red is the colour .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war conflict , where jefferson davis was a commander .
ska punk musician aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band . ska punk originated from ska music .
aaron hunt , who plays for sv werder bremen ii , plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri .
robert e lee was a commander in the american civil war .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records and deram records .
aleksandra kovač performs rhythm and blues music .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car with a honda k engine and all - wheel drive . it is assembled in marysville , ohio .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in indonesia .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
alberto teisaire worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area code for anaheim is 657 and 714 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
akeem ayers was born july 10th , 1989 and made his debut for the tennessee titans . he used to play for the st . louis rams .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
folk musician alison o ' donnell started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and arabian sea to its arabian sea to its west .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway name of 14 l / 32 r and a length of 4100 . 0 .
1089 tama has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins .
julia morgan ' s significant building is the los angeles herald examiner .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are african americans .
aleksander barkov jr ' s height is 1 . 905 .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road , university road .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . isaac rojas was succeeded by isaac rojas .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is 1 . 55 metres tall and has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin where francis g slay is the leader . he died in st . louis .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where houston is the largest city . the county seat of hays county is san marcos and english is spoken .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , uk in 1872 . he died in london .
angola international airport ' s 1st runway is made of asphalt .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis and led by francis g . slay .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and an oclc number of 8805735 .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the adare manor and the palace of westminster .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
eric flint was born in burbank california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar for sumac . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin on august 27th 2011 .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space , where purple finch is a bird .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in peoria , illinois in the united states . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 2 nakadori .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , in fort campbell , texas .
abel hernandez played youth football for central español in the uruguayan segunda división . abel hernandez ' s club is the uruguay national football team and he also plays for the club u . s . città di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
alberto teisaire was a member of the labour party in argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron and was a member of the labour party in argentina .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is houston . georgetown is the county seat .
the alternative name for black pirate is jon valor .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , or brown sauce .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
aaron hunt , who plays for sv werder bremen ii , plays for sv werder bremen ii which is managed by alexander nouri .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
bananaman first aired on october 3 , 1983 and starred jill shilling . it was created by steve bright .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and is in i ̇ stanbulspor a .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician . alternative rock originates from punk rock and is associated with marry banilow .
aenir , written by garth nix , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and is available in paperback .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered in the four world trade center .
eagle is the successor of the amc matador , manufactured by american motors .
al anderson is a singer in the band nrbq and his genre is rock music .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in print .
folk musician alison o ' donnell started performing in 1963 and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore . standard chinese is spoken in java , where the leader is tony tan and the baduy are an ethnic group .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by nasa in the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
austin is part of hays county , texas where houston is the largest city and san marcos is the county seat .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago . he is signed to the record label shanachie records .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed the asilomar conference grounds of asilomar state beach . the riverside art museum and hearst castle are the significant buildings of asilomar state beach .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , where doris bures is a leader and died in graz .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . jazz originates from blues and has its stylistic origins in the blues .
alan martin was born on 1 january 1989 and plays football for hamilton academical fc and clyde fc .
baked alaska is a dish from paris , new york , united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , plays for torino f . c . chievo verona and manages a . c . lumezzane .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves andrews . the airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc and leeds united fc .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mc manus .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 kilometres per second .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is the leader .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . nola 1925 .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
auburn , alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is fir park .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport has a runway name of 7 / 25 and a length of 1533 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
folk musician , alison o ' donnell , was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and mellow candle . she started performing in 1963 and is signed to floating world records .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
alex plante , who was born in canada in 1989 , is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and sergio mattarella are leaders . italy ' s capital is rome and the official language is italian .
alvah sabin was born in vermont on october 23 , 1793 and represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and has a runway named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
gubbio comes from the umbria region .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia , on the 27th september 1987 . his debut team was the atlanta falcons and his former team was the houston texans .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in rostock . the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in rostock .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
aleksandra kovač is a pop musician who is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and k2 .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader and the governing body is the eastern provincial council .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott , williams & wilkins , who published the aids ( journal ) in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical fc .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he spent 52 minutes in space as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . ganges is a river in india .
the singer andra performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music .
baked alaska is from the country of france . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france , where french is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where artur rasizade is the leader and the capital is baku .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was built by general dynamics electric boat .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
tomato , a member of the solanaceae family , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road , gujarat .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music .
akeem dent made his debut for the atlanta falcons who play in houston . he later played for the houston texans who play in texas .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a is the full name of a . c . lumezzane and play in the lega pro / a league .
the comic book character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
the alv x - 1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
atlanta falcons are based in the city of atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish that contains shiitake and siomay .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is 31 december 2006 and it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the malay and batak are ethnic groups in sumatra .
polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al - khor sports club who play in al - khor sports club .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , uk in 1872 . he died in london .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar and ended his career on may 29 , 1999 .
1000 piazzia has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , the manager of which , is thomas doll . he also plays for ferencvarosi tc whose home ground is palo seco velodrome and the chairman is ferencvarosi tc .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , has a station wagon and is assembled in mexico city .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier viag .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
the distributing company of rca records is sony music entertainment .
james craig watson was a canadian national who discovered 103 hera . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin .
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
103 hera has an epoch date of august 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway name of 18 r / 36 l and a length of 2900 . 0 .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where italian is spoken .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
18 l / 36 r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and operated by aida cruises who are located in rostock . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
aek athens fc has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi , is 178 . 0 centimetres tall and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of the audi a1 .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered in the four world trade center .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin where francis g slay is the leader . he died in st . louis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
the de soto custom and the chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer . rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and was a member of the republican party in the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and a mass of 5 . 6 kg . its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway name of 18 r / 36 l and a length of 2900 . 0 .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st , 1969 . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a backup pilot .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for blackburn rovers fc .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and walt disney studios motion pictures .
bionico is a food found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader and the currency is mexican peso .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . anandiben patel is a leader in gujarat .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
ska punk musician aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band . ska punk originated from ska music .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
1 fc magdeburg has 271 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
audi is the manufacturer of the audi a1 . audi e - tron is a division of audi .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . jazz originates from blues and has its stylistic origins in the blues .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
the bbc , which has rona fairhead as a key person , is located in broadcasting house in broadcasting house , broadcasting house .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , which is a dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
born in faversham , cambridge , adam holloway , was a member of the conservative party in the uk .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he was originally a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
audi was founded by august horch .
agnes kant was born in west germany and lives in doesburg . she was a member of the house of representatives and was a member of the radboud university nijmegen .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on nov 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
the aid aluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 and is 252000 . 0 millimetres long .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory on 1896 - 02 - 01 .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and now plays for empoli f . c . as roma .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and sweet potato which is of the order solanales .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
baked alaska is from the country of france . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france , where french is spoken .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has an 8 . 3m ship beam .
airey neave was awarded the cross cross .
james craig watson ' s alma mater was the university of michigan .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim is in orange county , california , in the united states .
alberto teisaire was from argentina , where spanish is spoken and where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader .
101 helena has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09 r / 27 l and the length is 3990 . 0 .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
jean - michel aulas owns olympique lyonnais .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 .
the aston martin virage succeeded the aston martin v8 .
blues artist anders osborne started performing in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit . he is associated with billy iuso and galactic .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
alan frew performs rock music , a musical fusion of which , is bhangra music .
eric flint was born in burbank california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dessert from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and sago .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where daniel martinez is the leader and the people are known as uruguayans .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti aniti .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kg and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec .
anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders and the capital city is rome .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is typical colombian cuisine .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar , who worked as the chief of the defence staff , was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 is the club of a . c . cesena .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed with b - unique records and polydor records . nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . the institute ' s president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is excellence .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
1 fc magdeburg has 271 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
the comic book character ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and he was created by roger mc kenzie .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
adam holloway served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war where george h . w . bush was a commander .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 2 nakadori .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
alfons gorbach was born in the state of tyrol , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz , austria .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . the club sandwich is popular in the uk .
1923 oaa907 xc was the former name of 1001 gaussia .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where houston is the largest city .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he spent 52 minutes in space as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
akron , summit county , ohio is located within the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area code for anaheim is 657 and 714 .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . americans live and african americans are an ethnic group there .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen . denmark ' s government is lars lokke rasmussen .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is 31 december 2006 and it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
hok sve was the architect of 3 arena , completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located .
the alv x - 1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 204770 - 2 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . blackpool , where gordon marsden is the leader .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen . allan sandage was a doctoral student of walter baade .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in gubbio .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada . inuktitut is the leader and the language spoken is inuktitut .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on 1936 - 05 - 21 . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he lives in kuching .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
alderney airport serves alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 . the 1st runway is made from poaceae .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was a member of the nigerian army and oladipo diya was preceded by oladipo diya .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
adam maher ' s club is the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
beef kway teow is a dish found in indonesia .
the aston martin v8 was succeeded by the aston martin virage which is related to the aston martin dbs which is assembled in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
angola is part of the state of indiana in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where native americans are an ethnic group .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is the full name of a . s . livorno calcio which has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the united states and china .
the audi a1 and the seat ibiza are related means of transportation .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
alberto teisaire ' s profession is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia .
kerala has to its northwest mahé , india .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore . the javanese people speak english and tony tan is the leader of singapore .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
the alhambra , which is 63800 . 0 millimetres long , has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 .
born in the netherlands , adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven and he plays for az alkmaar .
antioch , california has an elevation of 13 . 0 above sea level and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and served as a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
the delta ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who was at stockport county f . c . blackpool , where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders and the capital city is rome .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is native americans . english is spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein ' s senator is dianne feinstein .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . the country ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and faroese is the faroese language .
albany , georgia has the area code 229 .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the u . s .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , române ! , române ! and its leader is klaus iohannis saint is bucharest .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in catalonia .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
american motors matador is also known as the amc matador .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , ky and raised in dothan , al . he is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
antioch , california has the area code 925 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and walt disney studios motion pictures .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle assembled at marysville auto plant and has a v6 engine design .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in charleston , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records and deram records .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington d . c .
american motors was manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr was succeeded by eagle and wheel horse is a subsidiary . the amc matador was manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr .
angola , indiana has an elevation of 324 . 0 above sea level .
abel hernandez ' s club is hull city a . f . c . città di palermo and he played youth football for central espanol .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and sergio mattarella are leaders . italy ' s capital is rome and the official language is italian .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis and led by francis g . slay .
angola international airport ' s 1st runway is made of asphalt .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of gettysburg , part of the american civil war , where one of the ethnic groups was native americans . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
batagor is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient . it is a variation of shumai and shumai is a variation of the dish .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , române ! , române ! and its leader is klaus iohannis saint is bucharest .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are champions of serie b .
the english language is spoken in canada .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and arabian sea to its arabian sea to its west .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
aenir is written in english .
al anderson was born in windsor , connecticut and started performing in 1966 . he was a member of the wildweeds and is a member of the band nrbq .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where houston is the largest city . english is spoken in texas .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač started her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and k2 .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister .
the alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related types of transportation .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its government is magistrate .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states and leads anaheim , california .
the alv x - 1 was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , ended his career on 3rd march 1857 .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking . mr . hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii .
construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . agra airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kgs and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki .
peter stöger is the manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for sk vorwärts steyr and fc admira wacker mödling .
adonis georgiadis , a member of the new democracy party in greece , was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages and is available in print .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
abel hernandez played youth football for central español in the uruguayan segunda división . abel hernandez ' s club is the uruguay national football team and he also plays for the club u . s . città di palermo which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is from the guadalajara region .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented asajaya .
alessio romagnoli ' s club is the italian national under 16 football team which is coached by daniele zoratto .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with musicians jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs taquirari music .
jean - michel aulas owns olympique lyonnais .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . in the uruguayan primera división . he also plays for hull city afc which is managed by steve bruce .
polydor records is located in london .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is spoken .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri anıtı .
patrick mc loughlin is a leader in the derbyshire dales region of the county of derbyshire . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves .
alvah sabin started his career on 1853 - 03 - 04 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
beef kway teow is a dish found in indonesia .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the airport has a runway name of 14 l / 32 r and a length of 4100 . 0 .
akeem ayers ' draft pick is 39 and his former team was the tennessee titans .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
hip hop music originated from funk music .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and the american , duncan rouleau .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post metal which uses the cello . he played for the band twilight and performed for house of low culture .
george winkler designed the 320 south boston building in the united states and has 22 floors .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was the deputy of stephen yong kuet tze and he was born in the kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
weymouth sands preceded a glastonbury romance .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 . mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
the atlas ii originated from the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician . alternative rock originates from punk rock and is associated with marry banilow .
karl kesel is an american .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
abel hernandez , whose club is central espanol , plays for central espanol , play in the uruguayan segunda division . jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american and english is spoken .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
danes live in denmark .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , where cyrus vance jr . is part of brooklyn .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
robert e lee was a commander in the battle of antietam .
pacific grove is part of california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states . his background is non performing personnel and his genre is rhythm and blues .
abradab was born in poland .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft and operated by aida cruises who are located in rostock . the aid astella is owned by costa crociere .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . its epoch is 31 december 2006 and it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the u . s . washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner performs progressive metal music .
adonis georgiadis was in office while antonis samaras was prime minister .
agustin barboza ' s genre is guarania .
ducati is a subsidiary of the audi a1 which was founded by august horch . lamborghini is a subsidiary of the audi e - tron .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he plays for fc spartak moscow and also for fc rubin kazan .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
al anderson plays rock music which originated from country music . rock music originated from country music and is part of the fusion genre bhangra music .
the atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04m and its final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark , where faroese is spoken and the leader is margrethe ii of denmark .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is a leader .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in the apollo 8 .
batagor is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient . it is a variation of shumai and shumai is a variation of the dish .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served in the united states army . alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states army which fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who is attached to chesterfield fc and plays for runcorn fc halton fc .
abner is a footballer for the cd fas club and previously played for real madrid castilla . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family apiaceae .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
elliot see died in st . louis .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located at the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
aaron turner performs ambient music and played with the band twilight and mamiffer .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states . opelika is the county seat of lee county .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in catalonia .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor was francisco franco .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work for john cowper powys .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where abraham a ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson and the european parliament are leaders of london .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s youth football club was fc anzhi makhachkala . he also played for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the bombing of libya in 1986 was involved in the united states air force .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . mols is affiliated with the european university association .
410777 2009 fd has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who worked as the chief of the defence staff , was succeeded by al - amin daggash .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs milonga music .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupoli who have 1500 members and their ground is located in efxeinoupoli .
aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi , is 178 . 0 centimetres tall and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres . its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) is eissn number 2158 .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , united states . his background is non performing personnel and his genre is rhythm and blues .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where amarillo , texas is located .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
attica , indiana is elevated 166 . 0 above sea level .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
allan shivers started his career on 1947 - 01 - 21 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , autoharp .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
bananaman starred graeme garden , broadcasted by stv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
afc blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " . they have 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 metres tall , was born in brandon , manitoba and plays for anyang halla .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors , where roy d chapin jr . is a key person .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa . he served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 mission .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly located at the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
shumai is located in china .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . italian is spoken there and the capital city is rome .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
folk rock musician alison o ' donnell is signed with floating world records .
aenir , written by garth nix , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and is available in paperback .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman was a backup pilot .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is sanat mes kerman fc .
a severed wasp is written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italian national under 16 football team .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and was a member of the hellenic parliament . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c .
the currency in india is the indian rupee .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
acoustic musician alex day started performing in 2006 . he is associated with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with charlie mc donnell .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
the alco rs - 3 , built by the american locomotive company , has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the delta ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and is comparable to delta ii .
alternative rock musician andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . and english is spoken .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , in the united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in singapore .
alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and has a petrol engine and was succeeded by the rover company .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and walt disney studios motion pictures .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league and play in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the nigerian air force and was in office while mike akhigbe ' s predecessor oladipo diya was oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and was ordered on the 22nd january 2004 .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mc manus .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin was born on the 21st january 1989 and plays for the scotland national under 21 football team . he is 185 . 42 cm tall and crewe alexandra fc .
ducati is a subsidiary of the audi a1 which was founded by august horch . lamborghini is a subsidiary of the audi e - tron .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , headquartered in the four world trade center .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and arabian sea to its arabian sea to its west .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
akron is in summit county , ohio , in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town fc .
madrid is in spain .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 0633 - 6 .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
fiat croma and the alfa romeo 164 are related types of transportation .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the alternative name for black pirate is jon valor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
benjamin urich ' s full name is ben urich .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york , united states .
abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was the governor of connecticut .
107 camilla , discovered by c woods , has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
the architect augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor and designed by augustus pugin .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where italians live . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the people are known as italians .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is native americans . english is spoken in great britain .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc fought in the polish – soviet war which was part of the russian civil war conflict , where leon trotsky was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
rhythm and blues singer aleksandra kovač started her career in 1990 . she is associated with kornelije kovač and k2 .
alan bean is from the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
albert jennings fountain served in the 1st regiment new mexico volunteer cavalry and fought in the american civil war where jefferson davis was a commander .
abradab , from katowice , is associated with the rapper magik and kaliber 44 .
malaysian people are an ethnic group in malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
albany is part of georgia in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 , built by the american locomotive company , has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader and the euro is the currency .
george winkler designed the 320 south boston building in the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
allan shivers served in the united states army and fought in world war ii , where joseph stalin was a commander .
adam holloway was born in faversham kent , england and graduated from magdalene college in cambridge . he began his career on 5th may 2005 and served in the grenadier guards .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
abdul taib mahmud ' s deputy is stephen yong kuet tze and he was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
andrews county airport ' s runway length is 896 . 0 .
elliot see died in st . louis ( part of the kingdom of france ) in 1966 .
folk musician alison o ' donnell was in the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
alvah sabin started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert b . white was born in marietta , ohio and died in charleston , west virginia . he was married to agnes ward white who was born in bloomington , maryland and died in charleston , maryland .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
alternative rock musician andrew white started his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
andrew white ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in new wave music . nu metal is a musical fusion genre of alternative rock .
allen forrest was born 1981 in fort campbell , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs acoustic music .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . austin is the capital of texas , where english is spoken .
aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , was written in english by virginia de marce and eric flint . the book was followed by ring of fire ii .
allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
barny cakes ' s size is 30 . 0 g .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . its dean is mario botta .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of poales . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids .
the a - rosa luna has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway name of 18 r / 36 l and a length of 2900 . 0 .
aenir , written by garth nix , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and is available in paperback .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work for john cowper powys .
the largest city in oregon is portland .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , autoharp , autoharp , autoharp and funk are a derivative of jazz .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is 507 metres above sea level .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the chairman of ferencvárosi tc is gáferred kubatov .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car with a honda k engine and all - wheel drive . it is assembled in marysville , ohio .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , started his career on 30th march 1974 and ended his career on 30th march 1979 .
american buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the family apiaceae .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the minotaur iv rocket antares is similar to the delta ii rocket . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
pop singer aleksandra kovač was born 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia . disco is a fusion genre of pop music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
mendrisio is located in the municipality of meride in the municipality of meride in the municipality of meride .
benjamin urich ' s full name is ben urich .
aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
ace wilder was born in stockholm , in 1982 . he has a background as a solo singer .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm , or brown sauce .
elliot see died in st . louis .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell . hip hop originates from funk and funk music . drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code of atlantic city is 609 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada . inuktitut is the leader and the language spoken is inuktitut .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . in 1962 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the alhambra , owned by p & o , is 8 . 3m long and is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine . it was built by the samuda brothers .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched at the yuzhnoye design office .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is the leader .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , where the largest city is houston . spanish is spoken in texas .
albuquerque is part of new mexico in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is called the president .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and is categorised as a contributing property . carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , maryland , which has cumberland county to its southwest and frederick county to its southwest .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves abilene , texas . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kabi and it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom and died in london .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico and contains raisins .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookie is also a type of dessert .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland where juha sipila is a leader .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where english is spoken and the leader is called the president . asian americans are an ethnic group in the us .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupoli who have 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookie is a type of dessert .
the aston martin virage is manufactured by aston martin .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 22nd september 1941 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich and contains lettuce .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
aek athens fc has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
the architect augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . augustus pugin was the architect of adare manor and designed by augustus pugin .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where washington d . c . is the capital .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to the record label warner music group .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the euro is the currency .
born in the netherlands , adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven and he plays for az alkmaar .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on nov 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders and sergio mattarella are leaders .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blestiniog a glastonbury romance .
colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly , california .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an academic discipline of paleobiology .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to the aston martin rham / 1 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and fought in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasilia .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . philippe of belgium is the leader of the country and the dutch language is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
acta mathematica hungarica , abbreviated to acta math . hungar . , has the issn number 0236 - 5294 and an lccn number of 83646315 .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
aaron turner is an exponent of electroacoustic music . he is a singer for the band isis and sumac .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for chelsea fc and now plays for real zaragoza .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of addiction journal which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
afc fylde ' s manager is dave challinor who plays for stockport county fc and colwyn bay fc .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze .
andra is a singer associated with the singer puya and crbl . she performs dance pop music .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . frank borman was a commander in the apollo 8 .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
albert b . white , who was married to agnes ward white , started his career on march 4th 1905 and finished it on march 4th 1905 .
folk musician alison o ' donnell was in the band mellow candle and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero who are located in brasilia .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . its president is b . m . reddy .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . anandiben patel is a leader in gujarat .
1097 vicia , formerly known as 1928 pc , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues artist signed to the shanachie records label .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french .
ace wilder is a solo singer signed to the record label warner music group .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax n . v . and is owned by afc ajax n . v .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he has retired .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league .
alan martin was born on the 21st january 1989 and plays for the scotland national under 21 football team . he is 185 . 42 cm tall and crewe alexandra fc .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 and is now retired .
allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 2900 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
akeem priestley ' s club is ro ps and he plays for sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
250 delaware avenue ' s architectural style is postmodern .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of vermont . he was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department of colombia . lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and is a member of the rutaceae family .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
alvah sabin started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
the amc matador , also known as vam classic , is assembled in kenosha , wisconsin . it has an amc straight - 6 engine and is considered a mid - size car .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
adam holloway was born in kent and began his career on 5th may 2005 . his alma mater was magdalene college cambridge and he fought in the gulf war .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . hip hop music originated from disco and funk music . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has thomas pallesen as its dean . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
michele marcolini is the manager of a . c . lumezzane , who played for vicenza calcio and plays for vicenza calcio . the ground of a . c . lumezzane is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
the alv x - 1 has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
abel hernandez ' s club is hull city a . f . c . città di palermo and he played youth football for central espanol .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
the aid astella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
akeem ayers made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee and later played for the new england patriots .
aid aluna is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california and is powered by caterpillar inc . caterpillar inc . was founded in california .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was the deputy of stephen yong kuet tze and he was born in the kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the english language is spoken in canada .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d . roosevelt was a commander .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county is southeast of adams county , maryland .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he spent 8820 minutes in space and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the aid astella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , plays for fc bari 1908 , plays for carrarese calcio and carrarese calcio .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are francois hollande and gerard larcher .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 was assembled .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which originates from the united states and is manufactured by yuzhnoye design office .
the acharya institute of technology in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league and play in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , plays for fc bari 1908 , plays for carrarese calcio and carrarese calcio .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed with london based deram records and stanyan records . funk is a derivative of jazz .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon cob , bacon barm and often ketchup .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana , where english is spoken .
aek athens fc ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) and they play in the superleague greece .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
aida cruises operates the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blestiniog a glastonbury romance .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
danes live in denmark .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
polydor records is located in london .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is the full name of a . s . livorno calcio which has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and banana . sandesh is also a dessert .
michigan is in the united states .
aleksandra kovač ' s genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died on 22nd september 1941 .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the currency is the rupiah and the language is indonesian .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies club .
batagor is found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient . shumai and shumai are variations of the dish .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group .
abel hernandez played youth football for hull city a . f . c . in the uruguayan primera división . he also plays for hull city afc which is managed by steve bruce .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county is southeast of adams county , maryland .
elliot see died 1966 - 02 - 28 .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the largest city is fort worth .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik mak .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
al anderson was born in windsor , connecticut and started performing in 1966 . he was a member of the wildweeds and is a member of the band nrbq .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the united states .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . japan ' s leader is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups is chinese people .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and resides in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and was succeeded by adenan satem .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
william anders was an american who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st , 1969 . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a backup pilot .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . he worked as the nigerian chief of the defence staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen . denmark ' s government is lars lokke rasmussen .
tomato belongs to the order solanales and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which belongs to the order solanaceae .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
alan bean was an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and his successor was isaac rojas . he was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
10 hygiea , which was formerly known as a900 ga , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and played for the italy national under - 17 football team .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell tart .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written by fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham . the city has the b postcode and is led by the labour party .
angola , indiana has an elevation of 324 . 0 above sea level .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and launched at the yuzhnoye design office .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa . dianne feinstein is a senator and the gemstone benitoite .
the alhambra was launched on 31st may 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
ab klink was born in stellendam in the netherlands , where the euro is the currency .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in singapore .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation of aarhus airport which is 25 metres above sea level . the runway name is 10 l / 28 r and the runway name is 10 l / 28 r .
walter baade was born in the german empire and discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and his alma mater was the university of gottingen . he died in gottingen .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
george winkler designed the 320 south boston building in the united states .
andra is a singer associated with the singer puya and crbl . she performs dance pop music .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport has a runway name of 1 / 19 and a length of 2744 . 0 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and a mass of 5 . 6 kg . its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland where the people are known as finns and juha sipila .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and performs rhythm and blues music . disco derives from rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , london . boris johnson and the european parliament are leaders of london .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
hip hop music originated from funk music .
abraham a ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and was the governor of connecticut .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and is now retired .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubbio .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . his recording label is rca records and his musical genre is candombe .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with héctor numa moraes .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and italians live . the capital of italy is rome and the language spoken is italian .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has an academic staff size of 250 . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . atlanta has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is spoken .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , has a v6 engine and is related to the fiat croma and saab 9000 .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where daniel martinez is the leader and the people are known as uruguayans .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
1097 vicia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport in brasilia is operated by infraero and is 911 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1800 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport has a runway name of 1 / 19 and a length of 2744 . 0 .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has thomas pallesen as its dean . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
agustin barboza ' s genre is guarania .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . its president is b . m . reddy .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the atatürk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey .
alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and now plays for empoli f . c . as roma .
binignit is a dish from the mindanao region of the philippines . it contains sweet potato and banana .
the aston martin v8 , manufactured by aston martin , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin virage and is manufactured by aston martin .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain , whose predecessor was francisco franco .
albany , georgia is in the united states . americans live in the u . s . where americans live and where african americans are an ethnic group .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for the club u . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
albert b . white was born on 22nd september 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with andreea bălan and marius moga .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and john digweed . he is associated with christian burns and christian burns .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington d . c .
albennie jones is a performer of rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music . disco derives from rhythm and blues music .
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a height of 42 metres . the current tenants of addis ababa city hall are the government of addis ababa and 140000 . 0 square metres .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is categorised as a contributing property and has cumberland county to its southeast and frederick county to its southwest .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs milonga music .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the adare manor and the palace of westminster .
angola is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is spoken in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
blues artist anders osborne started performing in 1989 and is associated with tab benoit . he is associated with billy iuso and galactic .
acoustic musician alex day started performing in 2006 . he is associated with the band chameleon circuit and is associated with charlie mc donnell .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it can be found in the philippines .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana in the united states . it has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
aek athens f . c . played in the superleague of greece in 2014 . they have 69618 members and played in the superleague greece .
the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the us locomotive company . it was founded in schenectady , new york .
a . c . chievo verona play in verona , italy and has 39371 members .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cottage cheese is a leader in mexico .
county limerick is part of munster .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
afc fylde ' s manager is dave challinor who plays for stockport county fc and colwyn bay fc .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . isaac rojas was succeeded by isaac rojas .
trance musician andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of the wilderness during the american civil war , where jefferson davis was a commander .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
aid aluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california in the united states . the company is located in peoria , illinois .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup , in london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london .
107 camilla , discovered by c woods , has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . it has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian olusegun obasanjo , was in office while atiku abubakar was vice president .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for chelsea fc and now plays for real zaragoza .
adare manor is located in adare , munster county limerick , county limerick , county limerick .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was a german national .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
barny cakes ' s size is 30 . 0 g .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . and english is spoken .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for chelsea fc and real madrid c .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the atatürk monument is located in izmir , turkey .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an epoch date of july 14th 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the akita museum of art is located in japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the atatürk monument is located in izmir , turkey .
the aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish found in indonesia .
albany is part of benton county , oregon in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group and washington d . c . is the capital .
alex plante , who was born in canada in 1989 , is 1 . 9304 metres tall and plays for anyang halla .
aaron turner is a electric guitar player who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . anandiben patel is a leader in gujarat .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in styria . doris bures is a leader in austria , where austrian german is spoken .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is the leader .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malay peninsula .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders and alexis tsipras .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company in coventry .
the novel castle is written in english .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the los angeles herald examiner building . she was the architect of asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
ace wilder was born in sweden . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and disco and disco .
indian people live in india .
