akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who play in the city of houston texans who are based in the city of houston , texas .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of the location of albany , which is part of benton county , oregon .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of pop music and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and kornelije kovač .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the launch site of the ela - 3 which is at the guiana space centre , is located in kourou , french guiana .
the chinese filipino people are an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy comes from . it is a traditional dish from the philippines , where the chinese filipino people are an ethnic group .
azal arena is located in baku .
the launch site of the antares rocket is vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 which was at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
103 colmore row was designed by architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 " .
buzz aldrin , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the manager of 1 . fc köln is jens härtel , who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc terek grozny . the latter is managed by rashid rakhimov and he plays for fc terek grozny .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
batagor is a variation of siomay and is a variation of siomay .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in the united states and is the location of the monocacy national battlefield . it is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the united states is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken , and the capital is washington , d . c .
the united states is led by the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups in that country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the atlas ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base , has a diameter of 3 . 04m and a diameter of 3 metres . it was launched from the cape canaveral air force station .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in fort campbell , texas . he has a background as a solo singer .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in mendoza , texas .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes and is located at san sebastian de los reyes . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 32 r and a length of 4349 . 0 .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is gerard larcher .
johns hopkins university is located in the united states .
akeem priestley played for the club sheikh russel kc and currently plays for sheikh russel kc .
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy public baths which is part of new netherland .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
the united states is led by the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups in that country are the asian americans and is the location of austin , texas .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins in jazz . funk is derived from jazz and funk is a derivative of jazz .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where the capital is washington dc .
ab klink was born in the netherlands where the currency is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
honda is the manufacturer of the acura tlx .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 and august 1956 .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of fredericksburg .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his career ended on march 4th 1905 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic discipline of pure mathematics . it was published by springer science and has the lccn number of 93645978 .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and his successor was donald j . irwin .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the country of brazil .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical fc whose ground is located in new douglas park .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a diesel - electric transmission . it was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country is led by lars lokke rasmussen and has its headquarters in brussels .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and the musical artist billy iuso .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena , which is located in azerbaijan .
batagor is a variation of siomay and is a variation of siomay .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri jayawardenepura kotte is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , in spain .
the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in peoria , illinois .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , is now retired .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and contains noodles , beef kway teow .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the united states has the capital city of washington dc and is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is the white americans .
columbus blue jackets is based in boston .
the atlas ii was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 at spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
dave challinor , manager of a . f . c . fylde , plays for afc fylde .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and has a top speed of 24 . 0 km / h .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the city of kuttikkattoor in india . it has an academic staff of 250 .
black pirate is a black pirate .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv and he played for fc karpaty lviv who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . the latter of which is managed by , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is tony tan and one of the languages spoken is english .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake or christmas pudding .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in stockholm , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and is a member of the lotus eaters band . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has a staff of 737 and is affiliated with the european university association . the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the book aenir is written by garth nix and was written by garth nix .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the university is located in the city of belgaum and its leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the country where the leader is sergio mattarella .
christian alternative rock is a fusion genre of alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic discipline of pure mathematics . it was published by springer science and has the lccn number of 93645978 .
binignit is a dessert that contains sago and contains sago .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where the capital city is washington dc .
adam holloway , who fought in the gulf war , was involved in gulf war , where john major was a commander . w . bush was a commander in the gulf war .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and blues is the location of ahmet ertegun .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 17 football team and plays for the club u . s . roma .
the alhambra , which has a top speed of 18 . 3m , was launched on the 31st may 1855 and has a top speed of 18 . 52 .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and its epoch is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and died in new york city .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where airey neave was a commander .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois , united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in illinois .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and is a member of the lotus eaters band . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
luciano spalletti has been manager of a c . chievo verona and is in the serie a league .
atlanta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . the country is the location of the atlanta , which is the city of alpharetta , part of georgia .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who has played for chelsea fc .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , who built the a - rosa luna . the airport is located in rostock , germany , where the capital is berlin and the leader is berlin .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in asser levy public baths . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the derbyshire dales region , in the united states .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , in austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party is called texans .
the native name of the turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken , and the location of albany , georgia is located in the united states .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region .
one of the languages spoken in canada is french .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , part of benton county , oregon .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 1873 . 0 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , which is operated by the city international airport .
born in paraguay , is signed to philips records .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , in austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party is called texans .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 1 february 1989 , played for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway called 09 l / 27 r and a length of 3990 . 0 .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois , united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in illinois .
jill shilling is the creator of bananaman which is bananaman .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by bella center .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft , which is owned by costa crociere .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team and his club is shabab al - ordon .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for the euroleague .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is operated by the spanish people ' s party ( spain ) .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc dinamo batumi who plays for fc dinamo batumi .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
aaron deer ' s record label is alligator records .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and roger mc kenzie .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 168 . 0 kelvins .
austin is the largest city in texas , where the county seat is georgetown . austin is the county seat of travis county , texas .
bakewell pudding ( or cold ) is from the derbyshire dales region and has the main ingredients of ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
the area code for ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , connecticut , which has an area of barny . 0 sq km and a total area of 107 . 6 sq km .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the location of amarillo , which is part of potter county in texas .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is floating world records and he is now signed to the record label deram records .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has a staff of 737 and is affiliated with the european university association .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
the asteroid called 10 hygiea has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has a number of 18 .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker , who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . , is in the u . s . a .
the singer andra is a solo singer who was born in câmpia turzii . she has also worked as a reality tv judge .
alan shepard is an american who died in california . he was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
200 public square is located in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra , malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are the asam pedas and malaysian chinese .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is " 18 l / 36 r " and the runway name is 18 r " and it has a 3 , 600 metres above sea level .
al - amin daggash was the commander of the nigerian air force , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . the airport was succeeded by , al - amin daggash .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of the country is known as the gujarat legislative assembly , which is located in the indian state of india .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 0 kg and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
spanish is spoken in texas , where the largest city is austin , and the capital is austin , texas . spanish is the language spoken in texas .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from the netherlands .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , in austria and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party is austrian people ' s party .
the italian language is spoken in italy where amatriciana sauce comes from .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the country where the leader is sergio mattarella .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell . it has an lccn number of 93645978 and a lccn number of 93645978 .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar was the technical institute , kaduna .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and is a member of the justicialist party . he was a member of the justicialist party and was in office while juan peron was president .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst ) is the leader of the association for computing machinery .
the runway length of angola international airport is 4000 . 0 .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is called the president and asian americans are an ethnic group .
batagor is a variation of shumai , a variation of shumai .
aaron boogaard was born in regina , saskatchewan .
the celestial body known as 110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 1 february 1989 , plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
the chairman of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
the architect of adare manor , which was augustus pugin , is owned by adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of atlantic city , new jersey . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
carroll county , maryland is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument .
the atlas ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base , has a diameter of 3 . 04m and a diameter of 3 metres . it was launched from the cape canaveral air force station .
a . f . c . fylde , which has 3180 members , played in the 2014 - 15 season and their ground is at afc fylde .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . he is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain .
aleksandr chumakov died in moscow , where the leader is called sergey sobyanin .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door model .
the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the largest city is indianapolis . english is the language spoken in indiana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint and has the isbn number of " 0 - 4165 - 0 " .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
the epoch date of 109 felicitas is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , in spain . the airport is operated by enaire , which is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in asser levy public baths , which was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 and has the reference number of historic places .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , which is located in rostock , germany .
the native name of the turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who plays rhythm and blues music .
the birth place of allen forrest is 1981 - 02 .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of buenos aires is called gabriela michetti .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
andrew rayel is a performer of the musical genre of music , who is associated with the musician , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , who , who , who is associated with the musical artist , who , who , who , who was born in agnes sixma .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the greek new democracy party .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , died in california . he was awarded the distinguished nwc , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . the department of commerce gold medal is department of commerce gold medal .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
auburn , washington is located in the united states . the u . s . which has a total area of 140 . 8 sq . km and a population density of 1097 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
ayam penyet is a dish from the singapore region where the leader is tony tan and english is spoken .
abel caballero was born in galicia , in spain and worked as a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of the country is called t s thakur and the location of amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for afc blackpool f . c .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine , who are located in london . the company is owned by p & o company who are located in london and has a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was succeeded by the rover company .
canada is led by elizabeth ii and has an ethnic group called asian canadians and is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , who is associated with the musical artist , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , jonathan mendelsohn , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan moyine , alexander popov , jonny rose , lira yin and alexandra badoi , and alexandra badoi .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains peanut sauce is a variation of shumai and is a variation of siomay .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , is a member of the wildweeds and his musical genre is rock music .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and is a member of the lotus eaters band . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
american motors , the manufacturer of the amc matador , which was manufactured by chrysler , is manufactured by chrysler , is a key person at american motors , where the company is roy d chapin jr .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , shrimp , and beef .
bananaman , which was created by steve bright , was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 .
the epoch of 1001 gaussia is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under - 21 football team .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the country where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders . the country is the location of amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
200 public square is located in cleveland , which is led by frank g jackson and frank g jackson .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
the architect of adare manor is adare manor which is located in adare , county limerick .
albany , oregon is part of the u . s .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
the birth place of abdulsalami abubakar is katowice .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the inhabitants are known as texans .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s .
luciano spalletti is in the vicenza calcio club .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , which is located in kourou , french guiana .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and is built by the montreal locomotive works .
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is the name of estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , which is located in the city of estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister of the national assembly and the native name of the native name of the native name of the country is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
the musician , andrew white , who is associated with the musical artist , is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow , and the musician , is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar was the technical institute , kaduna and was the chief of the defence staff of the defence staff of the defence staff .
canada is the birthplace of adam mc quaid .
the book , a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 301 - 301 - 3 .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and crew member of apollo 12 .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 3 , 1987 .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who died in chennai .
the architect of adare manor is george richard pain and the company was completed in 1862 .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where the capital city is washington dc .
aaron turner is an exponent of doom metal .
baked alaska is a dish from france , which contains sponge cake and comes from the country of france .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena . he plays for fc amkar perm , which is based at the otkrytiye arena .
al taqaddum air base is located in iraq .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient . he is associated with the musical artist , aaron turner , who is associated with the musician , who is associated with the musical artist , who , is associated with the band , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the airport is named for the indian air force who is located in greenville , texas . the airport is operated by the indian air force , which has an elevation of 167 . 0 metres above sea level .
it is a type of dessert that can also be served as a type of dessert and can be served as a dessert .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg air force base .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
the area codes for arlington , texas are 657 , n . v . the airport is located in the city of arlington , n . v . caballero , texas and the area code for arlington is 512 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
the native name of the turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is gerard larcher .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is called artur rasizade and the national assembly is the prime minister .
the book , oclc number of a fortress of grey ice , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is the language spoken and the leader is known as the president .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus .
adam holloway was in the grenadier guards .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is in print .
bacon explosion ' s main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and kornelije kovač .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains the main ingredient of sweet potato and sago .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
the airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is in the state of wisconsin . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 1533 . 0 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . it is categorized as a contributing property . adams county is located in the north of the state of pennsylvania and is categorized as a contributing property .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , which is located at the guiana space centre located in kourou , french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is located in greece , the capital of which , is athens .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the location of angola , indiana is , where you will find angola , which is located .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and is attached to the club calcio catania and has been the manager of a c cesena .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc which was founded by steve bright .
washington dc is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the musical genre of albennie jones is rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
abner plays for the brazil national under - 17 football team .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , d . c . , the leader of the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue , which is led by the president of the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is tony tan and one of the languages spoken is english .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken , and the capital is washington , d . c .
indie rock music has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the club u . s . roma .
the capital of the united kingdom is london , the location of which is led by elizabeth ii and is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post - metal and he is a singer .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint and has the isbn number of " 0 - 4165 - 0 " .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , who died in madison , wisconsin .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in stockholm , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim , is located in al khor . he has also played for the club , al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by , amar osim .
amc matador has a amc v8 engine .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by bella center and is located in copenhagen .
ab klink was born in the netherlands where the currency is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 1 february 1989 , played for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham , which is governed by the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , who designed 103 colmore row .
aaron turner , who is from the united states , is a member of the lotus eaters band and black metal musician , is a member of the lotus eaters band .
ahmet ertegun plays rock and roll music .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for chelsea f . c . and also plays for inter milan .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance which is written by john cowper powys .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
associazione calcio lumezzane ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro league .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
alan shepard served as a test pilot and is deceased .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was succeeded by albert e . austin , who was succeeded by albert e . austin . austin .
buffalo , new york is part of essex county , new york .
aleksandra kovač is a performer of pop music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister of the national assembly and the native name of the native name of the native name of the country is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
the book " a wizard of mars " was written by garth nix and has the isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 9 " .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the location of albany , oregon and is located in the united states .
bakewell pudding ( or cold ) is from the derbyshire dales region and has the main ingredients of ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
the currency of the united states is the pound sterling .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1 february 1989 .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the battle of cold harbor township was part of the american civil war .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , who built the a - rosa luna . the airport is located in rostock , germany , where the capital is berlin and the leader is berlin .
the celestial body known as 103 hera has a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
the book aenir is written by garth nix and was written by garth nix .
washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a v12 engine . it was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the musician , andrew white is signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is alternative rock .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find alpharetta , which is part of fulton county , georgia .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
alex tyus ' s club is maccabi tel aviv b . c .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james madison leach .
the leader of amsterdam , which is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) , is located in amsterdam , where the city is amsterdam .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is spanish .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is in the state of wisconsin . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 1533 . 0 .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . he was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq .
the singer , andra , who is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musician , is associated with the musical artist marius moga .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in fort campbell , alabama .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
allen forrest is a solo singer who is a performer of pop music . he was born in dothan , alabama .
houston is the largest city in texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in the new mexico territory .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who died in chennai . he was born in chennai and was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
the atlas ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base , has a diameter of 3 . 04m and a diameter of 3 metres . it was launched from the cape canaveral air force station .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a diesel - electric transmission . it was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country is led by alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is " and is available in print .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 .
the headquarters of the headquarters of the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are in ashgabat , turkmenistan .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , in new york and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of which is called cyrus vance jr . is the location of the city of manhattan .
the main ingredients of arem - arem is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
massimo drago , who has been the manager of a c cesena , has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . s . gubbio 1910 .
connecticut was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips . phillips .
the film big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter jr . , is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan .
atlanta falcons play in the city of atlanta .
the musical genre of allen forrest is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and funk and funk .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is located in the city of aarhus , denmark .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california , where english is spoken and the city is led by the san francisco bay area of antioch .
john buscema is an american .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is called the president and angola , indiana is located .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president and the location of albany , georgia is located .
english is the language of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york and is located in the u . s . a .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves the city of fallujah which is led by don guardian and is the location of atlantic city international airport .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and his alma mater is the university of adelaide . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was succeeded by adenan satem .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
the united states is the location of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died from peritonitis .
the book , a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 301 - 301 - 3 .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france and was involved in the british empire .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . it is the location of the leader of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car .
english is the language of the united states .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the city of kuttikkattoor in india . it has an academic staff of 250 .
bakewell pudding ( or cold ) is from the derbyshire dales region and has the main ingredients of ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical fc whose ground is located in new douglas park .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq .
abel hernandez , a member of the central espanol club , plays for the uruguay national football team , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
the abbreviation of aip advances is " aip adv . " . " . " and the code is " aip advances " .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country is led by alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
the people of india are known as indian people .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the italian language is spoken is spoken .
olive oil is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the rome region of italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the leader of the country is rahm emanuel and the capital is copenhagen .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . , where you will find auburn , which is part of lee county , alabama .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland . he has played with the band kaliber 44 .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for carrarese calcio club .
adam koc , who fought in the polish – soviet war , was involved in battles in the russian civil war , where joseph stalin was a commander .
asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , which is part of new netherland . manhattan is the leader of manhattan .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find the city of alpharetta , georgia .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the leader of india is called t . s . thakur .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is operated by afc ajax .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
english is the language of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia . it is a dish from sumatra and one of the ethnic groups of the country are the asam pedas .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is called african americans and the capital is washington dc .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 09 / 26 .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for the club maccabi tel aviv b . c . , which is managed by , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , jones .
abner plays for the brazil national under - 17 football team .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist hector numa moraes .
the leader of france is called manuel valls and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the dish comes from the region of france , where the dish comes from .
spanish is spoken in texas , where the largest city is austin , and the capital is austin , texas . spanish is the language spoken in texas .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
the musician andrew white ' s musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the main ingredients of bakso are noodles , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the 3 arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin .
the location identifier for agra airport is viag and the agra airport is located in agra . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are located in uttar pradesh .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is produced in hardcover and has an oclc number of 78771100 .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where asam pedas is a dish from .
the bacon sandwich ( which can be known as bacon butty ) can also be added to a bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
the united states includes the ethnic group of african americans and is the location of angola , indiana .
the location identifier for agra airport is viag and the agra airport is located in agra . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are located in uttar pradesh .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in stockholm , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa and has retired .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in the second world war in the second world war in which , ended his career on march 4th , 1979 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , is now retired .
the celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
the musician , andrew white , who is associated with the musical artist , is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow , and the musician , is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow .
aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . he is a performer of pop music which has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
the manager of az alkmaar is tim brooke - taylor .
alex plante was born in canada and has played for the club anyang halla .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
the architect of adare manor , which was george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , united states .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , in spain . the airport is operated by enaire , which is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones , who is a performer of rhythm and blues .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th september 1987 . he has played with the atlanta falcons and his former team is the houston texans .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan , which is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
the asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california .
aleksandra kovač ' s birthplace was rca aleksandra kovač .
antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 sq km and a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1927 .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and his club is ferencvarosi tc . he also a member of the united petrotrin fc whose ground is the palo seco velodrome , is the palo seco velodrome .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
the united states is the location of a . t . charlie johnson , who is the editor of aip advances , was born in the united states and his alma mater is harvard university .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c . cesena , who has been a c . cesena , is in the serie a league and has been the manager of a c cesena .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . army , fought in the spanish - american civil war , and was a member of the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the amc matador is assembled in thames , new zealand . it has an amc straight - 6 engine and an amc straight - 6 engine .
the launch site of the antares rocket is vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 which was at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is " 18 l / 36 r " and the runway name is 18 r " and it has a 3 , 600 metres above sea level .
the acura tlx is assembled at the marysville auto plant and is a mid - size car .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is operated by afc ajax .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott , who was a backup pilot .
the united states includes the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the epoch date of 109 felicitas is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
april o ' neil is the creator of april o ' neil .
antonis samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
austin is the largest city in texas , where the english language is spoken . austin is spoken in texas , where austin is the capital .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from the netherlands .
the leader of azerbaijan is called prime minister .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , noodle , noodle , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and beef broth .
the leader of greece , where the language is greek and the location of the city of athens international airport is located . the country is led by alexis tsipras and the location of athens international airport is located in greece .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport is located in al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force and has the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft known as the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran . funk is a derivative of jazz and funk is a derivative of jazz .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz .
abel caballero was born in galicia , in spain and worked as a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and is found in the country of indonesia and singapore .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . q .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
the musical genre of abradab is hip hop music .
a long way is available in hardcover and has the isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the birth place of abdulsalami abubakar is katowice .
born in athens , greece , adonis georgiadis , was a member of the greek new democracy party , and was succeeded by makis voridis .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . it is located in the united states and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
the aston martin v8 is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and was assembled in newport pagnell . it is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham / 1 .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
atlanta is the largest city in de kalb county , georgia .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
chinese is an ingredient in bakso .
elliot see died in st . louis .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the derbyshire dales region , in the united states .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the asian americans .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella .
the people of france are known as texans .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for chelsea f . c . and also plays for inter milan .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al - zawra ' a sc .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states . the leader of this country is called " don guardian " .
the comic character , bolt , was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
a commander in world war ii was joseph stalin and was a commander in the same war .
sportpark de toekomst is operated by afc ajax .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and the country ' s leader is called " associazione sportiva arapiraquense " .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago .
the alvis speed 25 is classed as a full - size car .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoğlu and the location of the ataturk monument ( i̇zmir ) .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is asian americans .
the acharya institute of technology in the city of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
luciano spalletti has been manager of a c . chievo verona and is in the serie a league .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico city and has a amc v8 engine . it has a amc v8 engine and a station wagon style body .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
batagor is a variation of shumai , a variation of shumai .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , in austria - hungary and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party is called texans .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , alabama .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the united kingdom and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls .
the u . s . città di palermo is in the uruguayan primera división league . he also played for the central espanol club , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , is a member of the texas state senate district 4 for port arthur .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
andrew rayel is a performer of the musical genre of music , who is associated with the musician , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , who , who , who is associated with the musical artist , who , who , who , who was born in agnes sixma .
california includes california california .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , located in rostock , germany .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - four engine and is classed as a full - four engine . it has an impressive transmission and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
the people of france are known as texans .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient . he is associated with the musical artist , aaron turner , who is associated with the musician , who is associated with the musical artist , who , is associated with the band , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow . he also played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
carroll county , maryland is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of fredericksburg .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1 february 1989 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . the airport has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2776 . 0 .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue , which has 12 floors , is located in buffalo , is a total of 30843 . 8 square metres and a total of 12 floors .
english is the language of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
aston martin virage is a related to the aston martin dbs .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . its epoch is 27th october , 2015 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th september 1987 . he has played with the atlanta falcons and his former team is the houston texans .
adare manor is located in adare , munster .
the language spoken in finland is finnish .
the epoch of 101 helena is 31 december 2006 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
christian burns plays the guitar .
the ground of a . s . livorno calcio is in serie b .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of the a fortress of grey ice .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the comic character , bolt , was created by dan mishkin and dan mishkin .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has an academic staff of 250 .
alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones ' s bones ' s bones ' s bones was written by brandon sanderson .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers . it has a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 3m .
adare manor is located in adare , munster .
austin is the largest city in texas , where austin is located . the county seat of austin is located in the state of texas .
the first runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae , which is a member of the order of commelinids and the runway is made of poaceae .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find alpharetta , which is part of fulton county , georgia .
adam koc was involved in battles in the polish – soviet war , which was part of the polish - soviet war , joseph stalin was a commander in which , joseph stalin was a commander .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both afc and de graafschap .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the location of albany , oregon and is located in the united states .
abel hernandez , who played youth football for central espanol , played youth football for the uruguay national football team , also played for the club , now plays for the uruguay national football team , u . s . città di palermo .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres and the periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini , who plays for both fc bari 1908 and serie a .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in sweden and has a background as a solo singer .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
the epoch date of 109 felicitas is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
the city of arlington is part of the state of texas , where the largest city is fort worth and the capital is austin .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 and has a crew member of apollo 11 .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 5 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
the native name of the turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan , who was born in california and also designed the asilomar state beach and also designed asilomar state beach .
the united states includes the ethnic group of african americans and is the location of angola , indiana .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : noodles , sliced , beef tender loin , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , garlic , salted vegetables , beef broth , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , and beef broth , and olive oil .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , which is located in the united kingdom . the capital of the united kingdom is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . it is the location of the leader of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and one of the ethnic groups is the sumatra .
the largest city of the state of the state of vermont is burlington . the country is the location of birth date of alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . , who play in the palo seco velodrome league .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and he plays for inter milan .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson , who was a member of the u . s . and was married to agnes ward white .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arlington is part of texas , where the largest city is houston .
the epoch date for 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham , which is led by the conservative party ( uk ) .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where airey neave was a commander .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 5 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
the amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made of asphalt .
the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres , with a population density of 1299 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
the location identifier for agra airport is viag and the agra airport is located in agra . the airport is operated by the airports authority of india and the airports authority of india .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a bachelor of science degree in science degree .
born in austria - hungary , is the birthplace of alfons gorbach .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet , who played for chelsea f . c . , which is located in athens , is the location of which , is athens fc .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the 3 arena is located at east link bridge and was completed in 1929 .
alex day ' s genre is synthpop .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is located in java .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
the former name of 1089 tama is " 1930 st . louis rams " .
the alan b . miller hall , located in williamsburg , virginia , is the location of the alan b . miller hall which is owned by the college of william and mary .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and can be served as a dessert .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
the musical genre of anders osborne is rhythm and blues , which has been associated with the musical artist billy iuso and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
the largest city in the state of vermont is burlington . the country is the location of alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois , which is led by henry clay .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
auburn , washington is located in the united states . the u . s . which has a total area of 140 . 8 sq . km and a population density of 1097 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia . it is a dish from sumatra and one of the ethnic groups of the country are the asam pedas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana .
the musician , andrew white , who is signed to the record label fiction , is associated with the musician , who is associated with the musician , marry banilow , and was signed to the record label fiction .
born in england , alfred garth jones , died in sidcup .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
dutch is the language of the netherlands .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , bobina .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : : : noodles , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , garlic , dark soy sauce , dark soy sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
aleksandr chumakov was born in athens , russia . he died in russia , where the leader is called sergey sobyanin .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1 february 1989 .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : : : noodles , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , garlic , dark soy sauce , dark soy sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
rolando maran is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for carrarese calcio .
the native name of the turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
dutch is the language of the netherlands .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , and raised in dothan , alabama . he has a background as a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the united kingdom and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge . he was a member of the conservative party in the u . k . , cambridge .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the location of angola , indiana is , where you will find angola , which is located .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is the location of the alan b miller hall . miller hall which is owned by the college of william and mary , is located in the united states .
buzz aldrin , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was a member of the democratic party in the us and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
the ground of a . s . livorno calcio is in serie b .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . , where you will find auburn , which is part of lee county , alabama .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states where english is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is the location of the native americans .
the alhambra , which has a top speed of 18 . 3m , was launched on the 31st may 1855 and has a top speed of 18 . 52 .
born on november 12th , 1978 , in katowice , in argentina , is the location of abradab , who played for the band kaliber 44 .
the spanish language is spoken in texas , where the largest city is houston and the location of the city is houston and the location of andrews county airport is located in texas .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and blues is the location of ahmet ertegun .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is called african americans and the capital is washington dc .
austin is part of texas .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
aaron hunt played for the club sv werder bremen ii which is managed by viktor skrypnyk and is located in the city of sv werder bremen ii .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york and is located in the u . s . a .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the leader of that country is known as finns and the people are known as finns .
connecticut was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips . phillips .
aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . he is a performer of pop music which has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
above the veil is written by garth nix and is available in hardcover .
the united states is the location of 250 delaware avenue which has a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the leader of italy is called pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a bachelor of science degree in science degree .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where the capital is putrajaya and the leader is abdul halim of kedah and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the singer andra is a performer of dance - pop music which has a background as a solo singer and is a solo singer .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece , which is the home ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in the city of efxeinoupoli .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is called the president and angola , indiana is located .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was succeeded by albert e . austin , who was succeeded by albert e . austin . austin .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and is a member of the u . s . a .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of panama .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
christian burns plays the guitar .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc kuban krasnodar and he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
bionico is a food from the guadalajara region of mexico .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of the location of albany , which is part of benton county , oregon .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in denmark .
200 public square is located in cleveland , which is led by frank g jackson and frank g jackson .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door model .
the location of aarhus airport is tirstrup , which is in the central denmark region . the country is led by margrethe ii of denmark .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of atlantic city , new jersey . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
the comic character asterix , was created by albert goscinny and french , who is the language spoken in france .
the architect of the 320 south boston building is hok sve .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , bobina , who is associated with the musical artist , bobina , jwaydan moyine , and christian burns .
luciano spalletti has been manager of a c . chievo verona and is in the serie a league .
the celestial body known as 103 hera has a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
the alma mater of adam holloway was magdalene college in cambridge and he was a member of the grenadier guards .
a long way is available in hardcover and has the isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres and the periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , which has 17023 members , played in the 2014 - 15 season and has the nickname of amsterdamsche football club . the club has the nickname of amsterdamsche football club , " and the nickname of amsterdamsche sportiva arapiraquense " .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales region , which is led by patrick mc loughlin .
rolando maran is in the vicenza calcio club .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst ) is the leader of the association for computing machinery .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which is operated by nasa .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country is led by alexis tsipras and uses the greek language and is spoken .
alan bean ( born in wheeler , texas ) was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a test pilot and is now retired .
airey neave was in the battle of france .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 490 . 9 square kilometres , and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
agnes kant was a member of the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country is the location of agnes kant , a national of which , is led by emile arib .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where english is the language spoken .
the alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
adam koc , who fought in the polish – soviet war , was involved in battles in the russian civil war , where joseph stalin was a commander .
the key person at the bbc is tony hall , which is located in london . the bbc is the location of the bbc which has a key person called bananaman .
the first stage of the aid astella , which was launched on march 17th , 2013 .
bananaman , which was created by steve bright , was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
he was also a member of the new mexico house of representatives in the second congressional district
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president , who was in the nigerian navy , was succeeded by , al - amin daggash .
the length of the 1st runway at ashgabat international airport , which is 600 . 0 metres above sea level , is made of asphalt .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in asser levy public baths , which was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 and has the reference number of historic places .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the parent company of johns hopkins university press is the publisher of the american institute of mathematics .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the city of lahore .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka . the leader of the country is austin fernando .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is called called called called called called taro taro taro . the ethnic group of japan is the chinese .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
akeem ayers , who was number 39 in the draft pick , used to play for the los angeles rams .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and was completed on march 17th , 2013 .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 kilometres .
the audi a1 is related to the saab 9000 .
the leader of azerbaijan is called prime minister .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an average speed of 16 . 57 kilometres per second .
born in austria - hungary , is the birthplace of alfons gorbach .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france .
rolando maran is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for carrarese calcio .
the book " a severed wasp " has an isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both afc and de graafschap .
3 arena is located in dublin , which is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in the country of ireland .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country is led by lars lokke rasmussen and has its headquarters in brussels .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa and has retired .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is called the president .
the 1955 dodge is related to the chrysler newport .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and is attached to the club virtus entella and has been the manager of a c cesena .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , which is located in kourou , french guiana .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed manual transmission and a 4 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker , who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . , is in the u . s . a .
footballer , abner , plays for the club , real madrid castilla , which is managed by luis miguel ramis , and is a member of the brazilian national under 17 football team .
10 l / 28 r is the operating organisation of aarhus airport which is located in aarhus , denmark . the airport has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a length of 2776 . 0 .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the aid astella was completed on march 17th , 2013 .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed to the record label deram records , which is located in london . funk is derived from jazz music .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and was born in italy . he has been manager of ac lumezzane and is michele marcolini .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of auburn , which is part of donnell county in alabama .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
the ground of aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) , which is located in the city of athens .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and is derived from pop music .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is in print .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc kuban krasnodar and he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 41 sq km .
neptun werft is a leader in germany .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was a member of the u . s .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located at ícolo e dimitra efxeinoupolis and is located in the city of efxeinoupoli .
the united states is the location of 250 delaware avenue which has a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
the headquarters of the headquarters of the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are in ashgabat , turkmenistan .
the parent company of philips records is aida cruises .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
albert b white was born on july 22nd , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
austin is part of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
3 arena is located in dublin , which is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in the country of ireland .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
one of the languages used in the country of the country of the de marce , which is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
batagor is a dish from indonesia and contains peanut sauce .
3 arena is located in dublin , in the republic of ireland .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake or christmas pudding .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the u . s .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian and the leader is italian .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country is led by sauli niinisto and has a ethnic group called native americans .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc dinamo batumi who plays for fc dinamo batumi .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and was completed on march 17th , 2013 .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in göttingen .
the musical genre of alex day is synthpop which has its stylistic origins in disco .
mtu friedrichshafen is located in mtu friedrichshafen .
the bacon sandwich ( which can be known as bacon butty ) can also be added to a bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the location of albany , oregon and is located in the united states .
the book , oclc number of a fortress of grey ice , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
a commander in the american civil war , which , was joseph stalin .
allan shivers , who served in the united states army , fought in world war ii , was a commander in which , was joseph stalin .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . he was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1927 .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for both fc dallas and the el salvador national football team .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales .
al anderson plays the guitar in the nrbq band which performs country music .
olive oil is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the rome region of italy .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
gruppo bertone was the designer of the abarth 1000 gt coupe .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was a member of the democratic party in the us and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m and a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
binignit is a dessert that contains sago and contains sago .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
he made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee . he also played for the new england patriots and also played for the los angeles rams .
johns hopkins university is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the inhabitants are known as texans .
the addis ababa city hall was completed in 1929 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his former team is the new england patriots .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find the city of alpharetta , georgia .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
abel hernandez , a member of the central espanol club , plays for the uruguay national football team , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , which contains sponge cake .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
the city of manchester is the location of the ground of afc blackpool .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , madison county , texas , united states . the airport is operated by the united states air force which is located in egg harbor township , which is part of new jersey .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it has a staff of 737 and is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post - metal , which is a musical fusion of which , is a musical fusion of black metal .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the los angeles herald examiner building .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
the epoch of 110 lydia is 31 december 2006 and it has a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
footballer , abner , plays for the club , real madrid castilla , which is managed by luis miguel ramis , and is a member of the brazilian national under 17 football team .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical fc .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is tony tan .
the celestial body known as 11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , salted , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , and lemon .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato , which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka . the leader of the country is austin fernando .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1927 .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and the location of barny cakes can be found .
the u . s . città di palermo is in the uruguayan primera división league . he also played for the central espanol club , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 season .
the comic character asterix , was created by albert goscinny and french , who is the language spoken in france .
the ground of aek athens fc is located in greece .
addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
a severed wasp has an isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
a commander in world war ii was joseph stalin and was a commander in the same war .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president and the location of albany , georgia is located .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he is a member of the christian democratic appeal party and is the association of mb as .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where the leader is mulatu teshome .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , which is part of new netherland . manhattan is the leader of manhattan .
abraham a . ribicoff was a member of the united states national , where he was a member of the connecticut senate from . he died in the u . s . a .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find angola , indiana .
the united states house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it was launched in january 1956 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
the 3 arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains the main ingredient of sweet potato and sago .
the celestial body known as 103 hera has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
the main ingredients of bakso are noodles , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leader is narendra modi and the currency is the rupee and the rupee is the rupee .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 1873 . 0 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , which is operated by the city international airport .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is in print .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is called the president and where you will find angola , indiana .
the building was designed by architect alfred moore scales , who was born in kansas city .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association in brussels , which has its headquarters in brussels .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in newport pagnell , which is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . , is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is floating world records and he is now signed to the record label deram records .
batagor is a dish from indonesia and contains peanut sauce .
the awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 600 . 0 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , alabama .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he is a member of the christian democratic appeal party and is the association of mb as .
the architect of the 320 south boston building , which was completed in 1929 , is located in the united states .
the length of the 1st runway at ashgabat international airport , which is 600 . 0 metres above sea level , is made of asphalt .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc terek grozny . the latter is managed by rashid rakhimov and he plays for fc terek grozny .
the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet , who played for chelsea f . c .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport and has its maiden flight on april 18 , 2013 .
the country amatriciana sauce comes from is rome , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 1 february 1989 , plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the united kingdom and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge . he was a member of the conservative party in the u . k . , cambridge .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 1873 . 0 and the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains the main ingredient of sweet potato and sago .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar was the technical institute , kaduna .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
the musical genre of abradab is hip hop music .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is tony tan and one of the languages spoken is english .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo , uruguay .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and the inhabitants are known as texans .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc terek grozny . the latter is managed by rashid rakhimov and he plays for fc terek grozny .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) designed by pietro canonica , which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the mayor of albuquerque .
he served as a member of the nigerian parliament from 1999 until 1999 when he was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo
the english language is spoken in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m o dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland and his successor was william m o dawson .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 . he is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
akeem ayers was born on july 10th , 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans who are based in the city of st louis . louis rams .
born in athens , greece , the birthplace of adonis georgiadis , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the birth place of allen forrest is 1981 - 02 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , who died in madison , wisconsin .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , bobina , who is associated with the musical artist , bobina , jwaydan moyine , and christian burns .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both afc and de graafschap .
the aston martin v8 is assembled at newport pagnell , which is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
born in paraguay , is signed to philips records .
alan martin , who was born on january 1st , 1989 , played football for fc accrington stanley fc and now plays for fc .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and his alma mater is the university of adelaide . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was succeeded by adenan satem .
adam maher plays for the club , psv eindhoven .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . its periapsis is 296521000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 " .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
the book , oclc number of the book , by garth nix , is available in hardcover and is available in hardcover .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and is attached to the club calcio catania and has been the manager of a c cesena .
aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
aaron deer ' s record label is alligator records .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has a runway length of 2215 . 0 and an elevation of 911 . 0 meters above sea level .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in stockholm , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane .
born in fort campbell , alabama , is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music and was originally a solo singer .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of the country is silvano aureoles conejo and it is also served as a dessert course .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the first runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae , which is a member of the order of commelinids and the runway is made of poaceae .
the alma mater of james craig watson is the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater is the university of michigan and he discovered 103 hera .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
andrews county airport is located in texas .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and is attached to the club virtus entella and has been the manager of a c cesena .
akron summit assault is located in the city of akron , ohio .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow . he also played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , in the luanda province of angola .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
ajoblanco is from spain .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran . funk is a derivative of jazz and funk is a derivative of jazz .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
akeem adams is a member of the united states national under - 17 football team and plays for the palo seco velodrome .
aaron turner is a black metal musician . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport is located in al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force and has the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft known as the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
alex tyus ' s club is maccabi tel aviv b . c .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and has an ethnic group called asian americans .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is spanish .
the alan b . miller hall , located in williamsburg , virginia , is the location of the alan b . miller hall which is owned by the college of william and mary .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania .
the architect of the akita museum of art is 3 floors and it is located in akita prefecture .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where alfred moore scales was born . he fought in the battle of fredericksburg , which was part of the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , madison county , texas , united states . the airport is operated by the united states air force which is located in egg harbor township , which is part of new jersey .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
andrew white plays for the band kaiser chiefs .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association in brussels , which has its headquarters in brussels .
the musician , andrew white is signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical fusion genre is alternative rock .
ice cream is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the country of france .
aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is the location of the alan b miller hall which is the current tenants of the alan b miller hall .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area codes of 657 and 657 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the city of kuttikkattoor in india . it has an academic staff of 250 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the italian language is spoken is spoken .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins in jazz . funk is derived from jazz and funk is a derivative of jazz .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
the polish academy of sciences , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , is the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . , which has the lccn number of 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
the parent company of johns hopkins university press is the publisher of the american institute of mathematics .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region . it includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in asser levy public baths . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
born in athens , greece , adonis georgiadis , was a member of the greek new democracy party , and was succeeded by makis voridis .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the capital is washington dc .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post - metal and he is a singer .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was awarded the distinguished nwc , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
the a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in cleveland , which is part of the united states .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois , united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , which is owned by aida cruises who are located in illinois .
the parent company of viking press is aida cruises who are based in rostock .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) is published by the johns hopkins university press .
109 felicitas was the birthplace of 109 felicitas .
akeem priestley plays for the club , sheikh russel kc .
the andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , in spain and belongs to the spanish socialist workers ' party .
anderson , indiana is located in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis , the location of which is led by anderson township , madison county , indiana .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
ice cream is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the country of france .
alfons gorbach died in graz .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
the celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and the musical artist billy iuso .
mtu friedrichshafen is located in mtu friedrichshafen .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the currency is the mexican peso .
the united states is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical fc whose ground is located in new douglas park .
the abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport has a runway named 17 l / 35 r and a length of 1533 . 0 .
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy public baths and were constructed in 1904 . the building was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport has the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter aircraft called mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was manufactured by chrysler .
vegetables are an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , is a member of the wildweeds and his musical genre is rock music .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in newport pagnell , which is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in sweden and has a background as a solo singer .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
a long way is available in hardcover and has the oclc number of 57392246 .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is called alex plante .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , in the luanda province of angola .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , has the coden code of " apgpac " and the lccn number is 60040714 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
connecticut was the birthplace of alfred n . phillips . phillips .
addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia .
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is the name of estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
one of the ingredients of binignit is banana and can be served as a dessert .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which was created by duncan rouleau and steven t seagle . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo , uruguay .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 which was launched at the guiana space centre .
the addis ababa city hall was completed in 1929 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the people of india are known as indian people .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc and is the location of akron , which is part of summit county , ohio .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , which is located at the guiana space centre located in kourou , french guiana .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1927 .
austin is the largest city in texas , where austin is located . the county seat of austin is located in the state of texas .
the atlas ii comes from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from rome , italy .
columbus blue jackets is based in boston .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications and has the issn number of 978 - 8392 and the lccn number of 57059226 .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
the launch site of the ela - 3 which is at the guiana space centre , is located in kourou , french guiana .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york .
ahmad kadhim assad played for the club al - quwa al - jawiya and also for the iraq national football team .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , is the last aired by the bbc .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
the ground of a . s . livorno calcio is in serie b .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in the city of mendrisio . it has a staff of 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and his successor was donald j . irwin .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
bakso contains noodles and comes from the country of indonesia .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint , virginia de marce .
the aston martin v8 is assembled at newport pagnell and is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 . it is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and the aston martin rham / 1 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . the airport has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states .
the aston martin v8 is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
r pogson is the architect of 107 camilla .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves the city of fallujah which is led by don guardian and is the location of atlantic city international airport .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , which has 17023 members , played in the 2014 - 15 season and has the nickname of amsterdamsche football club . the club has the nickname of amsterdamsche football club , " and the nickname of amsterdamsche sportiva arapiraquense " .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel , who played for fc sachsen leipzig and is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , who are located in illinois .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . it is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the spoken language is arabic .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus .
albert b white was born on july 22nd , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor , in the state of kerala . the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is led by kochi .
adam maher ' s club is az alkmaar and he plays for the netherlands national under - 17 team .
adam holloway was in the grenadier guards .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in italy and are located in werft .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
adam holloway was born in faversham .
canada is led by elizabeth ii and has an ethnic group called asian canadians and is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made of asphalt .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 12 , which was commanded by david scott .
akeem priestley plays for the club , sheikh russel kc .
alex tyus ' s club is maccabi tel aviv b . c .
the leader of italy is called pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
bhajji is from the jalisco region .
baked alaska is a dish from france , which contains sponge cake and comes from the country of france .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was a member of the justicialist party and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoğlu and the location of the ataturk monument ( i̇zmir ) .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the lancia thema .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport is located in al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force and has the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft called the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft . c - 130 .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , worked as the secretary of state of state and died in sycamore , illinois .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels , which has its headquarters in brussels .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the crew of apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the city is governed by the all india council for technical education .
the largest city of the state of the state of vermont is burlington . the country is the location of birth date of alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , which contains sponge cake .
103 colmore row was designed by architect , john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , who was born in birmingham .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the city is governed by the all india council for technical education .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian army , was in office whilst mike akhigbe , was vice president . the latter was succeeded by , olusegun obasanjo , who was succeeded by , olusegun obasanjo .
the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . the airport has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , was a member of the wildweeds , whose musical genre is rock music .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
the celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 2 . 0 kilograms and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
attica , indiana is located in the united states and has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . the population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and the location of barny cakes can be found .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of which is called cyrus vance jr . is the location of asser levy public baths , which is part of new york city .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich which comes from the united kingdom .
april o ' neil is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post - metal and he is a singer .
the musician , andrew white , who is associated with the musical artist , is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow , and the musician , is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was manufactured by chrysler .
the awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for the club maccabi tel aviv b . c . , which is managed by , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , jones .
the united states is led by the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups in that country are the asian americans and is the location of austin , texas .
the singer andra is a performer of dance - pop music which has a background as a solo singer and is a solo singer .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a four - stroke engine . it was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc .
born in paraguay , is signed to philips records .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in boris johnson led , london . the european parliament is the leader of the european parliament .
the launch site of the ela - 3 which is at the guiana space centre , is located in kourou , french guiana .
vegetables are an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and was born in italy . he has been manager of ac lumezzane and is michele marcolini .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
anderson , indiana is located in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis , the location of which is led by anderson township , madison county , indiana .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of the country is silvano aureoles conejo and it is also served as a dessert course .
aaron s . daggett fought in the american civil war , which was part of which was part of the american civil war . abraham lincoln was a commander in that war .
above the veil is above the veil .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf and studied at the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . it contains peanut sauce and contains peanut sauce .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president and alfred moore scales was born in , new york city .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a flowering plant .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under - 16 football team .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of the location of albany , which is part of georgia , in the u . s . a .
it is a type of dessert that can also be served as a type of dessert and can be served as a dessert .
the leader of jalisco is haider assad .
one of the languages spoken in new york is spanish .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
the new york city council is the birth place of albert jennings fountain , who died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in denmark . the country is led by margrethe marriott international is the location of the marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
indie rock music has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
chili is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the greek new democracy party .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . it is the location of the leader of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27th of july , 1932 .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is in the qatar stars league .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg air force base .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 , is now retired .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra , malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are the asam pedas and malaysian chinese .
the antares rocket , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 which was launched at the guiana space centre .
jill shilling is the creator of bananaman which is bananaman .
alan martin is a footballer who plays for the hamilton academical f . c . which is located in the united states .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was a crew member of the nasa operated by nasa in 1963 and died in california .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv and he played for fc karpaty lviv who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . the latter of which is managed by , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
alan martin , who was born on january 1st , 1989 , played football for fc accrington stanley fc and now plays for fc .
the united states army fought in world war ii , where one of the commanders was , d . sibal . sibal .
dutch is the language of the netherlands .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina , who plays for chelsea f . c . and also plays for inter milan .
the alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
honda is the manufacturer of the acura tlx .
the polish academy of sciences , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , is the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . , which has the lccn number of 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
the airport is named for the indian air force who is located in greenville , texas . the airport is operated by the indian air force , which has an elevation of 167 . 0 metres above sea level .
michele marcolini is at the vicenza calcio club .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states . he was born in georgia , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , located in rostock , germany .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club , which is managed by siniša mihajlović , is the home of a . c . milan , which , is managed by siniša mihajlović .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian army , was in office whilst mike akhigbe , was vice president . the latter was succeeded by , olusegun obasanjo , who was succeeded by , olusegun obasanjo .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the capital is washington dc .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country is led by sauli niinisto and has a ethnic group called native americans .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where the leader is mulatu teshome .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 1 february 1989 , plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and aston martin .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the politician , birmingham city council .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the city of lahore .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
ahmet ertegun was born in turkey .
massimo drago has been the manager of a d . s . città di palermo and is in the serie a league .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 31 december 2006 and it has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
the ground of a . f . c . fylde is located in livorno , texas and is the location of the ground of afc fylde .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in sidcup .
christian panucci is attached to the club inter milan .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a member of the apollo 8 crew , which was operated by nasa , retired on september 1st , 1969 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri jayawardenepura kotte is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
aston martin virage is a related to the aston martin dbs .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint , virginia de marce .
the asteroid called 10 hygiea has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and one of the ethnic groups is the sumatra .
the area codes for arlington , texas are 657 , n . v . the airport is located in the city of arlington , n . v . caballero , texas and the area code for arlington is 512 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . he was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago .
aaron boogaard was born in regina , saskatchewan .
the celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
arlington is part of the state of texas , where the spanish language is spoken .
the a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in cleveland , which is part of the united states .
john madin is a british politician .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ayam penyet is a dish from the singapore region where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is the singapore .
the musician , andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has a staff of 737 and is affiliated with the european university association .
bakewell tart ( or tart ) is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales region .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece , where the leader is alexis tsipras and the inhabitants are known as texans .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
arem - arem is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the leader is called joko widodo . the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the indonesian rupiah is the language spoken there .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
buffalo , new york is part of essex county , new york .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and aston martin .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which has a musical fusion genre called bhangra .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for the club maccabi tel aviv b . c . , which is managed by , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , jones .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is called the president of the united states . the country is the location of 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
akeem ayers , who was number 1 in draft pick , used to play for the los angeles rams , is a member of the los angeles rams .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 .
the alma mater of adam holloway was magdalene college in cambridge and he was a member of the grenadier guards .
the comic character , blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
the length of the 1st runway at ashgabat international airport , which is 600 . 0 metres above sea level , is made of asphalt .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport and the aston martin dbs are related means of transport . the latter vehicle is assembled in the united kingdom and the country is led by elizabeth ii .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india where the currency is the rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) is published by the johns hopkins university press .
the musician , andrew white is signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical fusion genre is alternative rock .
ab klink was born in stellendam .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a 2 door coupe body and was designed by dodge .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for both fc dallas .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albany , georgia is located .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , who are located in illinois .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . it is the location of the leader of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
attica , indiana is located in the united states and has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . the population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
the costa crociere is located in rostock .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by , abdul rahman ya ' kub , was in office whilst tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang .
ayam penyet is a dish from the singapore region where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is the singapore .
allen forrest is a solo singer who is a performer of pop music . he was born in dothan , alabama .
aenir is written by john cowper castle .
aaron s . daggett fought in the american civil war , which was part of which was part of the american civil war . abraham lincoln was a commander in that war .
the abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport has a runway named 17 l / 35 r and a length of 1533 . 0 .
the ground of aek athens f . c . , which is in the superleague of greece , is the home ground of which , is located in athens .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , texas .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the architect of 320 south boston building is hok sve .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
the book " a wizard of mars " was written by garth nix and has the isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 9 " .
200 public square is located in cleveland , which is led by frank g jackson and frank g jackson .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
born in england , alfred garth jones , died in sidcup .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
anderson is located in madison county , indiana .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres . its epoch is , 2006 - 06 - 0 kilometres .
the acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " and the lccn number is 83646315 . it is also known as acta math . hungar .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california , where english is spoken .
according to the journal citation reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 2.
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
the united states is led by barack obama and has the capital city of washington dc .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
the celestial body known as 11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his former team is the new england patriots .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the rome region of italy .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and includes the ethnic group of asian americans .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
the atlas ii comes from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes .
the atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
aenir is written by john cowper castle .
the birth place of aaron s . daggett is greene gorbach .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich and a blt .
the musical genre of music is rhythm and blues which is derived from funk and funk .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james madison leach .
the manager of 1 . fc köln is jens härtel , who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of which is called cyrus vance jr . is the location of asser levy public baths , which is part of new york city .
atlanta is the leader of atlanta .
amdavad ni gufa is located in amdavad ni gufa , which is owned by amdavad ni gufa .
the bacon sandwich ( which comes from the united kingdom ) comes from the country of the country of the country of the united kingdom . it includes the ingredient bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
the musical genre of music is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and funk .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium and one of the languages spoken is french .
the atlas ii was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in the united states and is the location of the monocacy national battlefield . it is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in asherton , texas .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in mendoza , texas .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . q .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the asian americans .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california . it was constructed in 1913 and has the reference number of 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : : : noodles , beef tender loin , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , garlic , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , beef broth , salted vegetables , and beef broth , and olive oil .
tomato belongs to the genus solanum and is an ingredient in bakso .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " acf fiorentina s . " . " and they have 70634 members .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the aid aluna is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team and his club is shabab al - ordon .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the new democracy party in greece and was succeeded by makis voridis .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
the manager of fc koln is peter stoger , who is at the fk austria wien club and is affiliated with the sc wiener neustadt club . he is also manager of 1 . fc koln .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 and is located in the city of mendrisio . its leader is called johann schneider - ammann and the federal chancellor is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc amkar perm , which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is " 09 l / 27 r " and the runway name is 09 r " . the airport serves the city of amsterdam , which is located at - 27 , 2014 .
adam maher ' s club is az alkmaar and he plays for the netherlands national under - 17 team .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich and a blt .
the area codes for albany , georgia are 404 and 404 .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where the leader is asam pedas . it is a food found in the region of karnataka , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is putrajaya .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji ) includes bhaji .
alan shepard served as a test pilot and is deceased .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
1em center}mw-parser-output .id-lock-subscription a,.mw-parser-output .citation .cs1-lock-subscription a{background-image:url;background-image:linear-gradient,url;background-repeat:no-repeat;background-size:9px;background-position:right .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team and also for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan , which is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit which was awarded the order of airey neave .
bibbo bibbowski is a full name of bibbo .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states . he was born in georgia , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it is categorized as a contributing property and was established in the year 2000 .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
adam maher ' s club is az alkmaar and he plays for the netherlands national under - 17 team .
addiction ( journal ) has an lccn number of 93645978 .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi and one of the ethnic groups is the spaniards .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and is a member of the band . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is led by ranil wickremesinghe .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . it was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
ayam penyet is a dish from the singapore region where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is the singapore .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella .
andrew rayel is a performer of the musical genre of music , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed and the musician , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the country is led by sauli niinisto and has a ethnic group called native americans .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on september 2 , 1995 .
the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet , who played for chelsea f . c . , which is located in athens , is the location of which , is athens fc .
arlington is part of the state of texas , where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin .
the atlas ii was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines . the main ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find angola , indiana .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the location of atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . and his successor was price daniel .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot .
1971 is one of the model years of the amc matador which was assembled in mexico city .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and is a member of the u . s . a .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist hector numa moraes .
one of the languages spoken in new york is spanish .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find angola , indiana .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . the music bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from rock music , partly coming from rock music .
alan frew is a performer of rock music .
the ground of a . f . c . fylde is located in livorno , texas and is the location of the ground of afc fylde .
the leader of india is called t . s . thakur .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for the euroleague .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is " , which is available in print and is available in print .
the antares rocket , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway called 09 l / 27 r and a length of 3990 . 0 .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in arese and is a related means of transport to the lancia thema .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
daniel gould fowle was the successor of allan shivers .
the inhabitants of texas are known as texans and the capital is austin , texas . the country is the location of the andrews county airport which is located in texas .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is in print .
arem - arem is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the leader is called joko widodo . the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the indonesian rupiah is the language spoken there .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
scott adsit was born in burbank , illinois .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
a glastonbury romance is written by john cowper powys .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india where the currency is the rupee and the leader is narendra modi and the currency is the rupee .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones , who was born in the new york city .
michele marcolini is at the vicenza calcio club .
the leader of amsterdam ( amateurs ) is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) . the club ' s ground is called jong ajax ( amateurs ) .
the orbital period for 1089 tama is 1202 . 213 days .
the alan b . miller hall , located in williamsburg , virginia , is the location of the alan b . miller hall which is owned by the college of william and mary .
bakso contains noodles and comes from the country of indonesia .
the amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made of asphalt .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland . he has played with the band kaliber 44 .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
andrew rayel is a performer of the musical genre of music , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed and the musician , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
april o ' neil is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president .
austin is the largest city in texas , where the english language is spoken . austin is spoken in texas , where austin is the capital .
the leader of india is called t . s . thakur .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway called 09 l / 27 r and a length of 3990 . 0 .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and aston martin .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines . the main ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , in spain and belongs to the spanish socialist workers ' party .
walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf , graduated from the university of gottingen and discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the antares rocket , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport . the airport is made by the yuzhnoye design office and its its name was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport and has its maiden flight on april 18 , 2013 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance which is written by john cowper powys .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
a long way is published by viking press and is the parent company of viking press .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated to the association of mb as . he is a member of the christian democratic appeal party and is the association of mb as .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport is located in al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force and has the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft called the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft . c - 130 .
akeem adams is a member of the united states national under - 17 football team .
the musical genre of anders osborne is rhythm and blues , which has been associated with the musical artist billy iuso and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
addiction ( journal ) has an lccn number of 93645978 .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 31 december 2006 and it has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
akeem adams is a member of the united states national under - 17 football team and plays for the palo seco velodrome .
canada is the birthplace of adam mc quaid .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war , where aaron s . daggett was in the battle of fredericksburg and one of the commanders is , robert e . lee .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
american motors , the manufacturer of american motors , is roy d chapin jr . , which is a key person at american motors .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team and his club is shabab al - ordon .
scott adsit was born in burbank , illinois .
arròs negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post - metal , which is a musical fusion of which , is a musical fusion of black metal .
peter stöger is manager of 1 . fc koln .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the lancia thema .
the abbreviation of aip advances is " aip adv . " . " . " and the code is " aip advances " .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office whilst tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang was the deputy .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the ethnic groups is the igorot .
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , was born in the kingdom of france .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
akeem ayers ' s former team was the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country uses the colour of the colour of the colour of agnes kant is the colour of the colour of the agnes kant .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of panama .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia .
the aston martin v8 is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and was assembled in newport pagnell . it is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham / 1 .
ab klink was born in stellendam .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq .
the ground of a . s . livorno calcio is located in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
the airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is in the state of texas. it is located at an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18 / 36 r .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the book , oclc number of a fortress of grey ice , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
born in athens , greece , the birthplace of adonis georgiadis , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , united states .
aleksandr chumakov was born in athens , russia . he died in russia , where the leader is called sergey sobyanin .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and are located in germany . the airport is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
a severed wasp has an isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it is categorized as a contributing property and was established in the year 2000 .
associazione calcio lumezzane ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro league .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is in print .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson , who was a member of the u . s . and was married to agnes ward white .
elliot see died in st . louis .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an average speed of 16 . 57 kilometres per second .
107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . it is the location of the leader of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27th of july , 1932 .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the united states is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , is a member of the wildweeds and his musical genre is rock music .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is the location of the alan b miller hall . miller hall which is owned by the college of william and mary , is located in the united states .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe with a straight - four engine .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club , which is managed by siniša mihajlović , is the home of a . c . milan , which , is managed by siniša mihajlović .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in milan , which is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
the aid astella was completed on march 17th , 2013 .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al - zawra ' a sc .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and blues is the location of ahmet ertegun .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4349 . 0 and it is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the musician andrew white ' s musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music .
the runway name of alderney airport is " 14 l / 21 " .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport is located in al asad airbase and has the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter called the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . , who play in the palo seco velodrome league .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is " 11 / 30 " .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the asian americans .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the location of angola , indiana is , where you will find angola , which is located .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and roger mc kenzie .
the launch site of the vandenberg air force base is at the vandenberg air force base .
the audi a1 is made by audi , which was founded by august horch .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 490 . 9 square kilometres , and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . and his successor was price daniel .
a . f . c . fylde , which has 3180 members , played in the 2014 - 15 season and their ground is at afc fylde .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the united kingdom and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott , who was a backup pilot .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
amdavad ni gufa is located in amdavad ni gufa , which is owned by amdavad ni gufa , located in gujarat , india .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy public baths and were constructed in 1904 . the building was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
bakso contains noodles and comes from indonesia .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
binignit is a dish from the philippines , where the main language is philippine english and the leader is barack obama .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under - 21 football team .
the atlas ii was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 at spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of the city of the city of alba iulia , romania .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the city of lahore .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a total of 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
born on november 12th , 1978 , in katowice , in poland , is the location of abradab . he is associated with the rapper magik and is associated with the rapper magik .
frank de boer plays for afc ajax .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) is published by the johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the area code for atlantic city international airport , which has a population density of 1580 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometre . the city is texas. . 0 square kilometres .
william anders , who served as a fighter pilot , was selected by nasa in 1963 , was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii .
chili is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in sweden and has a background as a solo singer .
a fortress of grey ice was produced in hardcover and has the isbn number of 0 - 26131 - 3 .
john buscema won the inkpot award .
aleksandra kovač plays rhythm and blues music .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in the second world war in the second world war in which , ended his career on march 4th , 1979 .
103 colmore row was designed by architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , who built the a - rosa luna . the airport is located in rostock , germany , where the capital is berlin and the leader is berlin .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the apollo 8 crew . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from the netherlands .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country is the location of agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , which , is led by emile arib .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country is led by alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc kuban krasnodar and he plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
arlington is part of texas , where the largest city is houston .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where english is spoken , and the location of akron , ohio is , which is located in the united states .
the architect of adare manor is adare manor which is located in adare , county limerick .
akeem ayers , who was number 39 in the draft pick , used to play for the los angeles rams .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where the capital is washington dc .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
austin , texas has a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 233 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the lancia thema .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the area code for atlantic city international airport , which has a population density of 1580 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometre . the city is texas. . 0 square kilometres .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , is now retired .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken , and the location of albany , georgia is located in the united states .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the leader of the country is rahm emanuel and the capital is copenhagen .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) is published by the johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states .
the musician , andrew white , is signed to the record label fiction .
california is led by the california state assembly , which is located in the state capitol . english is spoken in california .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is " 13 / 31 " .
frank de boer plays for afc ajax .
the largest city in oregon is salem , oregon .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 and a length of 600 . 0 .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo , where the leader is tabare vazquez and the people of uruguay are known as americans .
michigan is located in the united states .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season .
batagor is a variation of shumai , a variation of shumai .
ayam penyet is a food found in java .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 .
he served as a member of the nigerian parliament from 1999 until 1999 when he was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , bobina , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
abel caballero was born in galicia , in spain and worked as a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
the administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california , where english is spoken and the city is led by the san francisco bay area of antioch .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and are located in germany . the airport is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country uses the colour of the colour of the colour of agnes kant is the colour of the colour of the agnes kant .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 at the guiana space centre , which is located at the guiana space centre located in kourou , french guiana .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and has an ethnic group called asian americans .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes and is located at paracuellos de los reyes . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 4349 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
jorge humberto rodriguez is in the el salvador national football team .
ayam penyet is a dish from the singapore region where the leader is tony tan and english is spoken .
the ground of akron summit assault is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , ohio , united states .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , texas .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 1873 . 0 and the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . it is categorized as a contributing property . it is categorized as a contributing property and is categorized as a contributing property . adams county is located in the west of the state of pennsylvania , which is categorized as a contributing property .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois , united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , which is owned by aida cruises who are located in illinois .
andrew white plays for the band kaiser chiefs .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
ahmet ertegun plays rock and roll music .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . he is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is luciano spalletti , who is in the serie b league , who plays for serie b league . c .
austin is the largest city in texas , where the english language is spoken . austin is the capital of texas , which is austin , is part of potter county , texas .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of which is called cyrus vance jr . is the location of asser levy public baths , which is part of new york city .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 3 , 1987 .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and singapore .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones , who is a performer of rhythm and blues .
alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones ' s bones ' s bones ' s bones was written by brandon sanderson .
the launch site of the vandenberg air force base is at the vandenberg air force base .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka .
the singer andra is a performer of dance - pop music which has a background as a solo singer and is a solo singer .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the spoken language is arabic .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . it contains peanut sauce and contains peanut sauce .
columbus blue jackets is based in boston .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
ajoblanco is from spain .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 60040714 .
the celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 fd has a mass of 3 . 3 kgs .
the book , a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the area code for ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , connecticut , which has an area of barny . 0 sq km and a total area of 107 . 6 sq km .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe with a straight - four engine .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers . it has a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 3m .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is called the president of the united states . the country is the location of 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine , who are located in london . the company is owned by p & o company who are located in london and has a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi and where one of the ethnic groups is spanish .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and is derived from pop music .
anders osborne is a performer of rock music which has a musical fusion called bhangra music .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
aleksandra kovač is a performer of pop music .
the united states is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
the alv x - 1 rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in the city of mendrisio . it has a staff of 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
the book aenir is written by garth nix and was written by garth nix .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is " 13 / 31 " .
the architect of adare manor , which was george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
the first stage of the aid astella , which was launched on march 17th , 2013 .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was a member of the democratic party in the us and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states .
the leader of the united states is called the president of america .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit which was awarded the order of airey neave .
the united states is led by the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups in that country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country is the location of agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , which , is led by emile arib .
binignit is a dish from the philippines , where the main language is philippine english and the leader is barack obama .
american motors , the manufacturer of american motors , is roy d chapin jr . , which is a key person at american motors .
the musician , andrew white , who is signed to the record label fiction , is associated with the musician , who is associated with the musician , marry banilow , and was signed to the record label fiction .
william anders , who was born on october 17th , 1933 , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa group of apollo 8 .
the area of anderson , indiana , is 107 . 43 square kilometres above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
california includes california california .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the leader of azerbaijan is called prime minister .
the bacon sandwich ( which comes from the united kingdom ) comes from the country of the country of the country of the united kingdom . it includes the ingredient bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in disco .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and singapore .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic discipline of pure mathematics . it was published by springer science and has the lccn number of 93645978 .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
the musical genre of alex day is synthpop which has its stylistic origins in disco .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the leader of that country is known as finns and the people are known as finns .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves the city of fallujah which is led by don guardian and is the location of atlantic city international airport .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones is , who was born in errata , mississippi .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it was launched in january 1956 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 5 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
the people of india are known as indian people .
a commander in the american civil war , which , was joseph stalin .
1971 is one of the model years of the amc matador which was assembled in mexico city .
born in uruguay , alfredo zitarrosa , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country is led by lars lokke rasmussen and has its headquarters in brussels .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed to the record label deram records , which is located in london . funk is derived from jazz music .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a bachelor of science degree in science degree .
the celestial body known as 103 hera has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
akeem priestley played for the club sheikh russel kc and for the connecticut huskies youth team .
the audi a1 was founded by august horch .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albany , georgia is located .
the epoch date for 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the audi a1 is assembled by audi , which has a 2 . 2 litre engine and is assembled in brussels , belgium .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which comes from the derbyshire dales region .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in stockholm , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and played for the club anyang halla .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the area code of antioch california is 657 .
the native name of the turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones is , who was born in errata , mississippi .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of klink . 0 .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is tony tan and english is spoken .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is the leader .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi and where one of the ethnic groups is spanish .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both afc and de graafschap .
al taqaddum air base is located in iraq .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo , uruguay .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and is a member of the band . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , is now retired .
the book , oclc number of the book , by garth nix , is available in hardcover and is available in hardcover .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
rolando maran is in the vicenza calcio club .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the languages spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is the zamboangans .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a v12 engine . it was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 .
batagor is a variation of siomay and is a variation of siomay .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region and is found in colombia .
alex plante was born in canada and has played for the club anyang halla .
luciano spalletti is in the vicenza calcio club .
solo singer , alfredo zitarrosa , has a background as a solo singer .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from rome , italy .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and aston martin .
the atlas ii , from the united states , was launched from vandenberg air force base .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the 1955 dodge is related to the chrysler newport .
the aids journal , hiv / aids , has the issn number 0269 - 9370 and is hiv .
albany is located in oregon , where the capital is salem .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 60040714 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a flowering plant .
the architect of 320 south boston building is hok sve .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of the country is known as the gujarat legislative assembly , which is located in the indian state of india .
the runway length at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 1 , 992 . 0 .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and his club is ferencvarosi tc . he also a member of the united petrotrin fc whose ground is the palo seco velodrome , is the palo seco velodrome .
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is the name of estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
aleksander barkov jr ' s draft team is the florida panthers .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim , is located in al khor . he has also played for the club , al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by , amar osim .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : : : noodles , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , garlic , dark soy sauce , dark soy sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
alexandria is part of the monroe township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france and was involved in the battle of france .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is called the president and where you will find angola , indiana .
107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 .
103 colmore row , completed in 1976 , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , which has 17023 members , played in the 2014 - 15 season and has the nickname of amsterdamsche football club . the club has the nickname of amsterdamsche football club , " and the nickname of amsterdamsche sportiva arapiraquense " .
luciano spalletti has been manager of a c . chievo verona and is in the uruguayan primera división league .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is called the president of the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik and is the location of the agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who speak indian air force .
aaron boogaard was born in regina , saskatchewan .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who died in chennai .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team and also for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
juan carlos i of spain is the leader of spain .
320 south boston building was completed in 1929 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine , which has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : : : noodles , beef tender loin , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , garlic , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , beef broth , salted vegetables , and beef broth , and olive oil .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is " 13 / 31 " .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - unique records .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california . it was constructed in 1913 and has the reference number of 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
above the veil is written by garth nix and is available in hardcover .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , in the luanda province , in angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway called " 05 l / 23 r " .
al anderson plays the guitar in the nrbq band which performs country music .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in fort campbell , texas . he has a background as a solo singer .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint , virginia de marce and has the isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country is the location of agnes kant , a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , which , is led by emile arib .
airey neave was born on march 30th , 1953 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , whose parent company is john wiley & sons . it is the parent company of wiley & sons .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine , which has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
the leader of amsterdam is klaus iohannis .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india where the currency is the rupee and the leader is narendra modi and the currency is the rupee .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . the country ' s capital is indianapolis and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for the antares rocket which was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 17 at the vandenberg air force base .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . the airport has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena , which is located in azerbaijan .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . its epoch is 27th october , 2015 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . it was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
a long way is published by viking press and is the parent company of viking press .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is " 11 / 30 " .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
the manager of az alkmaar is tim brooke - taylor .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna .
alligator records is located in chicago .
fulton county , georgia is located in the united states .
the musician , andrew white is signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is alternative rock .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoğlu and the location of the ataturk monument ( i̇zmir ) .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
a long way is published by viking press and is the parent company of viking press .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , bobina .
spanish is spoken in california .
the airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is in the state of texas. it is located at an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18 / 36 r .
bibbo bibbowski is a full name of bibbo .
rolando maran is in the vicenza calcio club .
andrew white is a musician signed to the record label b - unique records .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country is led by alexis tsipras and uses the greek language and is spoken .
agnes kant was a member of the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country is the location of agnes kant , a national of which , is led by emile arib .
alvah sabin , who represented the 3rd congressional district , was born in the state of vermont and died in sycamore , illinois .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , united kingdom and died in sidcup , london .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country is led by lars lokke rasmussen and has its headquarters in brussels .
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and died in new york city .
r pogson is the architect of 107 camilla .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a total of 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
the book , a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and crew member of apollo 12 .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is tony tan and english is spoken .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena , which is located in azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
the aid aluna , which has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 32 . 2 .
the united states includes the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
jorge humberto rodriguez is in the el salvador national football team .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is sri lanka . one of the ethnic groups in that country is asian south africans .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , who is associated with the musical artist , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , jonathan mendelsohn , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan moyine , alexander popov , jonny rose , lira yin and alexandra badoi , and alexandra badoi .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by eric flint , virginia de marce and eric flint .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company .
adam mc quaid was born on october 12th , 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is the location of the alan b miller hall which is the current tenants of the alan b miller hall .
the italian language is spoken in italy where amatriciana sauce comes from .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in the united states and is the location of the monocacy national battlefield . it is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
the musician , andrew white , is signed to the record label fiction .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane .
the audi a1 is assembled by audi , which has a 2 . 2 litre engine and is assembled in brussels , belgium .
amc matador has a amc v8 engine .
st . louis rams is the former team of akeem ayers .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow are managed by rashid rakhimov .
1em center}mw-parser-output .id-lock-subscription a,.mw-parser-output .citation .cs1-lock-subscription a{background-image:url;background-image:linear-gradient,url;background-repeat:no-repeat;background-size:9px;background-position:right .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of the city of alba iulia , romania .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where alfred moore scales was born . he fought in the battle of fredericksburg , which was part of the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and duncan rouleau .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abh . math . q .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , is now retired .
born in uruguay , alfredo zitarrosa , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was succeeded by the rover company .
the leader of amsterdam ( amateurs ) is called afc ajax ( amateurs ) . the club ' s ground is called jong ajax ( amateurs ) .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an average speed of 16 . 57 kilometres per second .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of the city of auburn , which is part of donnell county in alabama .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
abel hernandez played youth football for the club , u . s . città di palermo .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located in the city of blackpool . the club is called " blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
bakewell tart ( or tart ) is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales region .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
azal arena is located in baku .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the crew of apollo 8 .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar was the technical institute , kaduna and was the chief of the defence staff of the defence staff of the defence staff .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which is operated by nasa .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a v12 engine . it was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla .
adam holloway was born in faversham and his alma mater is magdalene college .
the language spoken in finland is finnish .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where the leader is called called called " , " , " , " , " .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country ' s leader is called the president of the united states and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a straight - four engine and was manufactured by the british car .
the area for arlington , texas is asilomar . 2 sq km and the area code is 512 . 0 ( square kilometres ) .
the united states is the location of a . t . charlie johnson , who is the editor of aip advances , was born in the united states and his alma mater is harvard university .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in italy .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which comes from the derbyshire dales region .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war , where the leader is abraham lincoln and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
the inhabitants of texas are known as texans and the capital is austin , texas . the country is the location of the andrews county airport which is located in texas .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to the record label odeon records .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , in the united states and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to the record label odeon records .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 09 / 26 .
aaron turner is an exponent of doom metal .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war , where aaron s . daggett was in the battle of fredericksburg and one of the commanders is , robert e . lee .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the aids journal , hiv / aids , has the issn number 0269 - 9370 and is hiv .
the epoch of 110 lydia is 31 december 2006 and it has a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the ethnic groups is the igorot .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which was created by duncan rouleau and steven t seagle . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus .
above the veil is above the veil .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find atlanta , which is part of georgia .
1971 is one of the model years of the amc matador which was assembled in mexico city .
the birth place of aaron s . daggett is greene gorbach .
the celestial body known as 110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio .
the alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the u . s . città di palermo is in the uruguayan primera división league . he also played for the central espanol club , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : noodles , sliced , beef tender loin , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , garlic , salted vegetables , beef broth , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , and beef broth , and olive oil .
the awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor , in the state of kerala . the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is led by kochi .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is tony tan and the currency is the singapore .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
james craig watson , who discovered 101 helena , studied at the university of michigan , discovered 101 helena and died in madison , wisconsin .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , part of benton county , oregon .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is called alfa romeo 164 .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
the currency of the netherlands is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a member of the apollo 8 crew , which was operated by nasa , retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella .
the musical genre of anders osborne is rhythm and blues , which has been associated with the musical artist billy iuso and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , in spain . the airport is operated by enaire , which is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is called the president and where you will find angola , indiana .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines . the main ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient .
alan frew is a performer of rock music .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz .
the united states has the capital city of washington dc and is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is the white americans .
the united states is the location of a . t . charlie johnson , who is the editor of aip advances , was born in the united states and his alma mater is harvard university .
bacon explosion ' s main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
aleksander barkov jr ' s draft team is the florida panthers .
fountain county , indiana is located in the united states . the u . s . is the location of the 1 above sea level and has a total area of 107 . 43 sq km . the population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
atlanta is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . the country is the location of the atlanta , which is the city of alpharetta , part of georgia .
the audi a1 was founded by august horch .
the first runway at alderney airport , which is made of asphalt and is 497 . 0 metres above sea level . the runway is made of poaceae which is made of asphalt and is made of asphalt .
william anders , who was born on october 17th , 1933 , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa group of apollo 8 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
allen forrest is a solo singer who is a performer of pop music . he was born in dothan , alabama .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is asian americans .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the people are known as italians .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes and is located at paracuellos de los reyes . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 4349 . 0 .
andrew rayel is a performer of the musical genre of music , who is associated with the musician , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , who , who , who is associated with the musical artist , who , who , who , who was born in agnes sixma .
aaron turner , who is from the united states , is a member of the lotus eaters band and black metal musician , is a member of the lotus eaters band .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi , which was founded by august horch and is a subsidiary of audi , which was founded by august horch .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is operated by afc ajax .
the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow . he also played for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov .
the ground of aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) , which is located in the city of athens .
the musician , andrew white , is signed to the record label fiction .
the runway length at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 1 , 992 . 0 .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and the musical artist billy iuso .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a diesel - electric transmission . it was built by the american locomotive company between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers . it has a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 3m .
alexandria is part of the monroe township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in fort campbell , alabama .
bionico is a food from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states , where english is spoken and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport has the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter aircraft fighter called mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in italy .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for both fc dallas and the el salvador national football team .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in the new mexico territory .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains condensed milk , granola , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leader is narendra modi and the currency is the rupee and the rupee is the rupee .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in cleveland , which is part of the united states .
carroll county , maryland is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a total of 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
the united states is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft , which is owned by costa crociere .
born on november 12th , 1978 , in katowice , in argentina , is the location of abradab , who played for the band kaliber 44 .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under - 20 football team and also for al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim .
above the veil is available in print .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in denmark . the country is led by margrethe marriott international is the location of the marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont , was born in the state of vermont , is the largest city in the state of the united states . the country ' s leader is henry clay and he also died in sycamore , illinois .
california includes california california .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 and the airport is located in aarhus , denmark .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland and is the location of the monocacy national battlefield .
the aid aluna is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
akeem ayers , who was number 1 in draft pick , used to play for the los angeles rams , is a member of the los angeles rams .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " acf fiorentina s . " . " and they have 70634 members .
the 10 l / 28 r is the runway name of aarhus airport , which is operated by the aktieselskab organisation , is located in aarhus , denmark .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken , and the location of albany , georgia is located in the united states .
akeem adams is a member of the united states national under - 17 football team .
the runway length of alderney airport is 497 . 0 and the runway is made of asphalt .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the largest city is houston .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albany , part of benton county , oregon .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where english is the language spoken .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato , which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
the book " a severed wasp " has an isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california , where english is spoken and the city is led by the san francisco bay area of antioch .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
107 camilla , which was discovered by m . o . watson , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . the epoch 31 december 2006 .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is called alfa romeo 164 .
the location identifier for agra airport is viag and the agra airport is located in agra . the airport is operated by the airports authority of india and the airports authority of india .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland and is the location of the monocacy national battlefield .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of pop music and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and kornelije kovač .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was a member of the u . s .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the city of lahore .
the key person at the bbc is tony hall , which is located in london . the bbc is the location of the bbc which has a key person called bananaman .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken , and the capital is washington , d . c .
alison o ' donnell ' s musical genre is psychedelic folk and he plays the bodhran .
the musician , andrew white , is a performer of alternative rock which has the sub genre nu metal .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as a member of the greek new democracy party .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in denmark . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is led by bill marriott , is located in washington dc .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan , who was born in california and also designed the asilomar conference grounds .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
allen forrest performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
abel caballero was born in galicia , in spain and worked as a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by al - amin daggash , was in office whilst mike akhigbe was vice president .
rear admiral , alberto teisaire , was born in mendoza , argentina and his successor was isaac rojas .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where the leader is asam pedas . it is a food found in the region of karnataka , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is putrajaya .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 and is located in the city of mendrisio . its leader is called johann schneider - ammann and the federal chancellor is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 12 , which was commanded by david scott .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the musical genre of albennie jones is rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
arlington is part of the state of texas , where the spanish language is spoken .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
a glastonbury romance is written by john cowper powys .
the aid astella was built by meyer werft , which is owned by costa crociere .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell . it has an lccn number of 93645978 and a lccn number of 93645978 .
the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has a number of 18 .
the airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is in the state of wisconsin . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 1533 . 0 .
the main ingredients of bakso are noodles , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the alma mater of james craig watson is the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater is the university of michigan and he discovered 103 hera .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow are managed by rashid rakhimov .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country is led by lars lokke rasmussen and has its headquarters in brussels .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of the city of atlanta , which is part of fulton county in georgia .
alan bean is american .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena . he plays for fc amkar perm , which is based at the otkrytiye arena .
3 arena is located in dublin , in the republic of ireland .
the parent company of viking press is aida cruises who are based in rostock .
the birth place of allen forrest is 1981 - 02 .
the city of manchester is the location of the ground of afc blackpool .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik and is the location of the agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who speak indian air force .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is putrajaya .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
alan shepard served as a test pilot and is deceased .
the 10 l / 28 r is the runway name of aarhus airport , which is operated by the aktieselskab organisation , is located in aarhus , denmark .
alan martin , who was born on 30 january 1989 , played football for the club , now plays for the club , fc karpaty lviv and for the club .
the singer andra is a solo singer who was born in câmpia turzii . she has also worked as a reality tv judge .
aaron turner , who is from the united states , is a member of the lotus eaters band and black metal musician , is a member of the lotus eaters band .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 , is now retired .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find the city of alpharetta , georgia .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the capital is washington dc .
the location of aarhus airport is tirstrup , which is in the central denmark region . the country is led by margrethe ii of denmark .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina , where the spanish language is spoken . he died in buenos aires where the leader is gabriela michetti .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . the music bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from rock music , partly coming from rock music .
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of albany , which is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s .
abdul taib mahmud ' s party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in newport pagnell , which is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs .
alan bean is american .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al - zawra ' a sc .
barny cakes can be found in the philippines .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : : : noodles , beef tender loin , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , garlic , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , beef broth , salted vegetables , and beef broth , and olive oil .
the audi a1 is assembled by audi , which has a 2 . 2 litre engine and is assembled in brussels , belgium .
the people of denmark are known as finns .
massimo drago , who has been the manager of a c cesena , has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . s . gubbio 1910 .
austin , texas has a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 233 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 600 . 0 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . it was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois .
the acura tlx is assembled at the marysville auto plant and is a mid - size car .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president , who was in the nigerian navy , was succeeded by , al - amin daggash .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of the country is known as the gujarat legislative assembly , which is located in the indian state of india .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . he is a performer of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the crew of apollo 8 .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin , the leader of the united states . the country is the location of adare manor , which is led by , is located in adare manor .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins in funk . funk is derived from jazz and funk is a derivative of jazz .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland . he has played with the band kaliber 44 .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it is categorized as a contributing property and was established in the year 2000 .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is " 18 l / 36 r " and the runway name is 18 r " and it has a 3 , 600 metres above sea level .
the musical genre of alex day is electronic music and he is associated with the musician , charlie mc donnell , who is associated with charlie mc donnell .
daniel gould fowle was the successor of allan shivers .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is called artur rasizade .
the battle of fredericksburg was part of the american civil war conflict , where one of the commanders was , alfred moore scales .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m and a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
sportpark de toekomst is operated by afc ajax .
103 colmore row was designed by architect , john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , who was born in birmingham .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan club , which is managed by siniša mihajlović , is the home of a . c . milan , which , is managed by siniša mihajlović .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the aston martin v8 is a coupe .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . a . and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , is a member of the texas state senate district 4 for port arthur .
atlanta is the leader of atlanta .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office whilst tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang was the deputy .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan , who was born in california and also designed the asilomar state beach and also designed asilomar state beach .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by bella center .
adam holloway was born in faversham and his alma mater is magdalene college .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a total of 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji ) includes bhaji .
the california state senate is located in the state capitol .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . its periapsis is 296521000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
akeem priestley plays for the club , sheikh russel kc .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 3 , 1987 .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the new york city council is the birth place of albert jennings fountain , who died in dona ana county , new mexico .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , madison county , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of america , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " acf fiorentina s . " . " and they have 70634 members .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where airey neave was a commander .
the aston martin v8 is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and was assembled in newport pagnell . it is a related means of transport to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham / 1 .
a . f . c . fylde , which has 3180 members , played in the 2014 - 15 season and their ground is at afc fylde .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region .
the antares rocket , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was made by the yuzhnoye design office .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway called 09 l / 27 r and a length of 3990 . 0 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find atlanta , which is part of georgia .
the leader of jalisco is haider assad .
abel caballero was born in galicia , in spain and worked as a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
the alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the book , a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 301 - 301 - 3 .
the chinese filipino people are an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy comes from . it is a traditional dish from the philippines , where the chinese filipino people are an ethnic group .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was selected by nasa in 1963 , is now retired .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is tony tan .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 .
akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who play in the city of houston texans who are based in the city of houston , texas .
akron summit assault is located in the city of akron , ohio .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 17 football team and plays for the club u . s . roma .
alison o ' donnell ' s musical genre is psychedelic folk and he plays the bodhran .
the epoch date for 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 . it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
michele marcolini is at the vicenza calcio club .
born in fort campbell , alabama , is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music and was originally a solo singer .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and contains noodles , beef kway teow .
the leader of buenos aires is called gabriela michetti .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located at ícolo e dimitra efxeinoupolis and is located in the city of efxeinoupoli .
the chinese filipino people are an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy comes from . it is a traditional dish from the philippines , where the chinese filipino people are an ethnic group .
alexandria is part of the monroe township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 and has a crew member of apollo 8 .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and attended the radboud university nijmegen . his alma mater is radboud university nijmegen and he is a member of the radboud university nijmegen .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in denmark . the country is led by margrethe ii of denmark and the language of denmark is danish .
bionico is a food from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is spanish .
the musician , andrew white , is a performer of alternative rock which has the sub genre nu metal .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoglu and the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) designed by pietro canonica , which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 .
the area codes for albany , georgia are 404 and 404 .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for the club maccabi tel aviv b . c . , which is in the superleague greece .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for the club maccabi tel aviv b . c . , which is in the superleague greece .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . he was a member of the united states national , and was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
abel caballero was in office while juan carlos i of spain was prime minister . he was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister and abel caballero was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . he is the sequel to the grantville gazettes and the grantville gazettes .
alan bean is american .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language is spanish .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
fountain county , indiana is located in the united states . the u . s . is the location of the 1 above sea level and has a total area of 107 . 43 sq km . the population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv and he played for fc karpaty lviv who play their home games at the parc olympique lyonnais stadium . the latter of which is managed by , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois .
the ground of aek athens f . c . , which is in the superleague of greece , is the home ground of which , is the home ground of aek athens fc .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian and the leader is italian .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in the united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , which is owned by aida cruises .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
the singer andra is a solo singer who was born in câmpia turzii . she has also worked as a reality tv judge .
abner w . sibal plays for the club , real madrid castilla , which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
bionico is a food from the guadalajara region of mexico .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is called the president and the capital city is washington dc . the country is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
born on november 12th , 1978 , in katowice , in argentina , is the location of abradab , who played for the band kaliber 44 .
the language of indonesia is indonesian .
april o ' neil is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
the area code for ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , connecticut , which has an area of barny . 0 sq km and a total area of 107 . 6 sq km .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and the country ' s leader is called " associazione sportiva arapiraquense " .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv and his club is fc karpaty lviv .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by bella center and is located in copenhagen .
the city of manchester is the location of the ground of afc blackpool .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states . the leader of this country is called " don guardian " .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the epoch date of 109 felicitas is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels , which has its headquarters in brussels .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is located in java .
aleksandra kovač is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and kornelije kovač .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is a member of the new democracy party in greece . he was also a member of the new democracy party of the new democracy party in greece .
the aid astella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and was completed on march 17th , 2013 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
al - amin daggash was the commander of the nigerian air force , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . the airport was succeeded by , al - amin daggash .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the location of angola , indiana is , where you will find angola , which is located .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the largest city in the country is mumbai and the country is the location of the city is mumbai .
the acura tlx is a mid - size class of vehicle and is assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a front - wheel drive and all - wheel drive .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
james craig watson , who discovered 101 helena , studied at the university of michigan , discovered 101 helena and died in madison , wisconsin .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is asian americans .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
the alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese and is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan where the leader is nawaz sharif .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
bakso contains noodles and comes from indonesia .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 60040714 .
white rice is an ingredient in arròs negre .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv .
the comic character , blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
canada is the birthplace of adam mc quaid .
st . louis rams is the former team of akeem ayers .
agnes ward white is the wife of albert b . white .
rolando maran is in the vicenza calcio club .
andrews county airport is located in texas .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc and is the location of akron , which is part of summit county , ohio .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american civil war .
aleksandr chumakov died in moscow , where the leader is called sergey sobyanin .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , was a member of the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college in cambridge .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
union army fought in the american civil war .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc dinamo batumi who plays for fc dinamo batumi .
dublin is the capital of the united states .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
the amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made of asphalt .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
akeem priestley played for the club sheikh russel kc and for the connecticut huskies youth team .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
the celestial body known as 1101 clematis has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . , is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died from peritonitis .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of akron , ohio .
manhattan is a part of new york city .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 1873 . 0 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , which is operated by the city international airport .
the 3 arena is located at east link bridge and was completed in 1929 .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of the location of albany , which is part of georgia , in the u . s . a .
al anderson plays the guitar in the nrbq band which performs country music .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
aaron turner is a black metal musician . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for both fc dallas .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and is built by the montreal locomotive works .
akeem dent ' s former team was the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley played for the club sheikh russel kc and currently plays for sheikh russel kc .
aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , who are located in illinois .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is called alex plante .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
the 3 arena is located at east link bridge and was completed in 1929 .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who studied at the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
anders osborne is a performer of rock music which has a musical fusion called bhangra music .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is in livorno , italy and they have 39371 members .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is " , which is available in print and is available in print .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke - taylor . it was first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
anders osborne is a performer of rock music which has a musical fusion called bhangra music .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the apollo 8 crew . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
jens härtel is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
the first stage of the aid astella , which was launched on march 17th , 2013 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is called called called called called called taro taro taro . the ethnic group of japan is the chinese .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi and where one of the ethnic groups is spanish .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase .
born on november 12th , 1978 , in katowice , in poland , is the location of abradab . he is associated with the rapper magik and is associated with the rapper magik .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , located in rostock , germany .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine , which has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . it was launched on january 25 , 1969 .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , worked as the secretary of state of state and died in sycamore , illinois .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by eric flint , virginia de marce and eric flint .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
jens härtel is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is al - jawiya .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoğlu and the location of the ataturk monument ( i̇zmir ) .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint , virginia de marce and has the isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
alex plante was born in canada and has played for the club anyang halla .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint , virginia de marce and has the isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
connecticut born alfred n . phillips was succeeded by albert e . austin , who was succeeded by albert e . austin . austin .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
the currency in india is the rupee .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
the united states is the location of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , in the united states and his musical genre is rhythm and blues .
the book " a severed wasp " has an isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
binignit is a dish from the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it contains sago .
the united states has the capital city of washington dc and is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is the white americans .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the architect of adare manor is george richard pain and the company was completed in 1862 .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan , who was born in california and also designed the asilomar conference grounds .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla , is the florida panthers .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has a mean temperature of 170 kelvins .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is operated by the spanish people ' s party ( spain ) .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where the leader is asam pedas . it is a food found in the region of karnataka , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is putrajaya .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington dc .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a 2 door coupe body and was designed by dodge .
elliot see is deceased .
spanish is spoken in california .
adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven and he plays for the club az eindhoven and is connected to the adam maher .
a commander in world war ii was joseph stalin and was a commander in the same war .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . the airport has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the acura tlx is related to the honda accord .
a commander in the american civil war , which , was joseph stalin . he was a commander in the american civil war , a commander in which , was , washington , d . roosevelt .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies youth team .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he was a member of the 103 hera .
the former name of 1089 tama is " 1930 st . louis rams " .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications and has the issn number of 978 - 8392 and the lccn number of 57059226 .
akeem ayers was born on july 10th , 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans who are based in the city of st louis . louis rams .
english is the language of the united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was commanded by david scott , who was a backup pilot .
the airport is named for the indian air force who is located in greenville , texas . the airport is operated by the indian air force , which has an elevation of 167 . 0 metres above sea level .
auburn , washington is located in the united states . the u . s . which has a total area of 140 . 8 sq . km and a population density of 1097 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c . cesena , who has been a c . cesena , is in the serie a league and has been the manager of a c cesena .
the english language is spoken in great britain .
alan bean is american .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the area codes for arlington , texas are 657 , n . v . the airport is located in the city of arlington , n . v . caballero , texas and the area code for arlington is 512 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france and was involved in the british empire .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the derbyshire dales region , in the united states .
born in athens , greece , the birthplace of adonis georgiadis , was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister . he was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister and konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 launchpad at the guiana space centre .
a commander in the american civil war , which , was joseph stalin .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in sidcup .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is called the president of the united states .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway called 09 l / 27 r and a length of 3992 . 0 .
abel hernandez played youth football for the club , u . s . città di palermo .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of the city of auburn , which is part of donnell county in alabama .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia . it is a dish from sumatra and one of the ethnic groups of the country are the asam pedas .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
agnes kant was a member of the house of representatives in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country is the location of agnes kant , a national of which , is led by emile arib .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
abel hernandez played youth football for the club , u . s . città di palermo .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 0 kg and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is located in the city of aarhus , denmark .
allan shivers was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . and his successor was price daniel .
alan martin , who is a member of the clubs , accrington stanley f . c . , plays for the club , the club , accrington stanley f . c .
the author of barny cakes ( comics character ) is faber .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
michigan is located in the united states .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
aaron deer is from indianapolis , indiana , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of atlantic city , new jersey . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
the musical genre of alex day is synthpop which has its stylistic origins in disco .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of the country is called t s thakur and the location of amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
april o ' neil is the creator of april o ' neil .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the leader of the country is rahm emanuel and the capital is copenhagen .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian army , was in office whilst mike akhigbe , was vice president . the latter was succeeded by , olusegun obasanjo , who was succeeded by , olusegun obasanjo .
alfredo zitarrosa is signed to the record label odeon records .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states . he was born in georgia , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
johns hopkins university is located in the united states .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which is marriott international .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war , where the leader is abraham lincoln and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
the architect of adare manor is george richard pain and the company was completed in 1862 .
the asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc karpaty lviv .
the costa crociere is located in rostock .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
neptun werft is a leader in germany .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m and a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find atlanta , which is part of georgia .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in the united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , which is owned by aida cruises .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , salted , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , and lemon .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
ayam penyet is a food found in java .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the location of atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was completed in 1927 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed to the record label of floating world records and is now signed to the record label deram records .
the aston martin v8 is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
olive oil is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the rome region of italy .
the epoch of 110 lydia is 31 december 2006 and has a mass of 7 . 7 kg . it has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is a member of the new democracy party in greece . he was also a member of the new democracy party of the new democracy party in greece .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is the leader .
the administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who plays rhythm and blues music .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins in funk . funk is derived from jazz and funk is a derivative of jazz .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . it is located in the united states and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
ahmet ertegun plays rock and roll music .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who died in chennai . he was born in chennai and was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in peoria , illinois .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , was a member of the wildweeds , whose musical genre is rock music .
john buscema is an american .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow are managed by rashid rakhimov .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india where the currency is the rupee and the leader is narendra modi and the currency is the rupee .
bakso contains noodles and comes from indonesia .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka . the leader of the country is austin fernando .
alex day ' s genre is synthpop .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a severed wasp has an isbn number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the location of amarillo , which is part of potter county in texas .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for the euroleague .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is gerard larcher .
107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
the celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 2 . 0 kilograms and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
alvah sabin , who represented the 3rd congressional district , was born in the state of vermont and died in sycamore , illinois .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 31 december 2006 .
a commander in the american civil war , which , was joseph stalin . he was a commander in the american civil war , a commander in which , was , washington , d . roosevelt .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and can be served as a dessert .
akron summit assault is located in the city of akron , ohio .
abner plays for the brazil national under - 17 football team .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington dc .
the manager of az alkmaar is tim brooke - taylor .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where the leader is called alex plante .
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy public baths and were constructed in 1904 . the building was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the birth place of agustin barboza is paraguay , the leader of which , is called called juan afara , and the birth place of agustin barboza .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is gerard larcher and the currency is the euro .
the spanish language is spoken in texas , where the largest city is houston and the location of the city is houston and the location of andrews county airport is located in texas .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is " and is available in print .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - four engine and is classed as a full - four engine . it has an impressive transmission and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints .
al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by amar osim , is located in al khor . he has also played for the club , al kharaitiyat sc , which is managed by , amar osim .
the celestial body known as 1097 vicia has an average speed of 18 . 33 kilometres per second .
rear admiral , alberto teisaire , was born in mendoza , argentina and his successor was isaac rojas .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
alpena county , michigan is part of the u . s . a .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical fc .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , is a member of the texas state senate district 4 for port arthur .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
the elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of ( in metres ) , indiana .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid astella .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
a fortress of grey ice was produced in hardcover and has the isbn number of 0 - 26131 - 3 .
the people of india are known as indian .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , whose parent company is john wiley & sons . it is the parent company of wiley & sons .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , which is led by elizabeth ii and uses the english language .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones , who is a performer of rhythm and blues .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
honda is the manufacturer of the acura tlx .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues musician who was signed to the record label , tab benoit and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
aaron bertram is an artist with the band kids imagine nation and his musical genre is ska punk .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and is a member of the justicialist party . he was a member of the justicialist party and was in office while juan peron was president .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which has a musical fusion genre called bhangra .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which is marriott international .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , in the united states and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has a runway length of 2215 . 0 and an elevation of 911 . 0 meters above sea level .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records .
the celestial body known as 1101 clematis has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , hogao sauce , and lemon .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson , who was a member of the u . s . and was married to agnes ward white .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and singapore .
the singer andra is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musical artist marius moga .
footballer , abner , plays for the club , real madrid castilla , which is managed by luis miguel ramis , and is a member of the brazilian national under 17 football team .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 and the airport is located in aarhus , denmark .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
the united states is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey , where the largest city is newark .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , in the united states and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the new democracy party in greece and was succeeded by makis voridis .
the epoch date of 109 felicitas is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association in brussels .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the musical genre of music is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and funk .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is called the president of the united states .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico city and has a amc v8 engine . it has a amc v8 engine and a station wagon style body .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
the musician , andrew white , who is signed to the record label fiction , is associated with the musician , who is associated with the musician , marry banilow , and was signed to the record label fiction .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
alison o ' donnell ' s musical genre is psychedelic folk and he plays the bodhran .
karl kesel is an american .
airey neave served in the royal artillery unit which was awarded the order of airey neave .
american motors , the manufacturer of the amc matador , which was manufactured by chrysler , is manufactured by chrysler , is a key person at american motors , where the company is roy d chapin jr .
aleksandra kovač is a performer of pop music .
the alv x - 1 has a total of 1 . 524 metres in diameter and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
airey neave was in the battle of france .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france and was involved in the battle of france .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m and a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
arròs negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the location of angola , indiana is , where you will find angola , which is located .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where asam pedas is a dish from .
the currency in india is the rupee .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the los angeles herald examiner building .
the 3 arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , italy .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , d . c . , the leader of the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue , which is led by the president of the united states .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , salted , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , and lemon .
the character of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the issn number of " 0 - 2868 " and the lccn number of 89646863 .
batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
the current president of the u . s . from that country is also the location of agnes ward white .
washington dc is the capital of the u . s . and native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) is a dish from the karnataka region . it contains gram flour and vegetables .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died from peritonitis .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
the amc matador is assembled in thames , new zealand . it has an amc straight - 6 engine and an amc straight - 6 engine .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , a canadian , who died in madison , wisconsin .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the airport is operated by the spanish people ' s party ( spain ) .
abdul taib mahmud ' s party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and one of the ethnic groups is white americans .
the leader of buenos aires is called gabriela michetti .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albany , georgia is located .
akeem priestley played for the club sheikh russel kc and for the connecticut huskies youth team .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
akeem adams is a member of the united states national under - 17 football team and plays for the palo seco velodrome .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in london . the u . k . is led by the parliament of the u . k . , which is led by elizabeth ii .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
born in austria - hungary , is the birthplace of alfons gorbach .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina .
california includes california california .
the club was founded on 1 june 1920 and has played in the 2014 – 15 floors . the club also played in the eerste klasse .
the former name of 1089 tama is " 1930 st . louis rams " .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc .
the audi a1 is made by audi , which was founded by august horch .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint , virginia de marce .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aleksandra kovač plays rhythm and blues music .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the country amatriciana sauce comes from is rome , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is called the president and the capital is washington dc .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a straight - four engine and was manufactured by the british car .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 .
the musician , andrew white is signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is alternative rock .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in italy .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan .
adam mc quaid was born on october 12th , 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
elliot see died in st . louis .
the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham , which is governed by the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , who designed 103 colmore row .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . army , fought in the spanish - american civil war , and was a member of the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , which is located in the united kingdom . the capital of the united kingdom is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
christian alternative rock is a fusion genre of alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan , who was born in california and also designed the asilomar conference grounds .
al taqaddum air base is located in iraq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france and was involved in the british empire .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of the city of the city of alba iulia , romania .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the 3 arena is located at " north wall quay " and was completed in december 2008 .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is called alfa romeo 164 .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium and one of the languages spoken is french .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
according to the journal citation reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 2.
a . f . c . fylde , which has 3180 members , played in the 2014 - 15 season and their ground is at afc fylde .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 . he is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
peter stöger is manager of 1 . fc koln .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the currency is the mexican peso .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose ground is the parc olympique lyonnais stadium .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle .
st louis is the birthplace of adam mc quaid , who is a member of the st . louis rams , which is led by elizabeth ii .
the capital of the united kingdom is london , the location of which is led by elizabeth ii and is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina and was succeeded by james madison leach .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , in spain .
english is the language of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - four engine and is classed as a full - four engine . it has an impressive transmission and all - syncromesh , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the spoken language is arabic .
107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc which was founded by steve bright .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 0 kg and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
peter stöger is manager of 1 . fc koln .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music .
in the first year of the building of the building of the building began in the building of the building of the building of the building of the building
the musical genre of allen forrest is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and funk and funk .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a member of the apollo 8 crew , which was operated by nasa , retired on september 1st , 1969 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india .
andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is rock . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is rock .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc amkar perm , which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport is located in al asad airbase and has the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter called the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
neptun werft is a leader in germany .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
200 public square is located in the united states .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is spanish .
the area for arlington , texas is asilomar . 2 sq km and the area code is 512 . 0 ( square kilometres ) .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and is attached to the club calcio catania and has been the manager of a c cesena .
anderson is part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and has a top speed of 24 . 0 km / h .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . the country ' s capital is indianapolis and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where asam pedas is a dish from .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport is located in al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force and has the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft called the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft . c - 130 .
the epoch of 110 lydia is 31 december 2006 and it has a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup , in london .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the character of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the issn number of " 0 - 2868 " and the lccn number of 89646863 .
the parent company of viking press is aida cruises who are based in rostock .
the building of 250 delaware avenue , which has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , was completed in april 2014 and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . it is categorized as a contributing property . adams county is located in the north of the state of pennsylvania and is categorized as a contributing property .
adam holloway , who fought in the gulf war , was involved in gulf war , where john major was a commander . w . bush was a commander in the gulf war .
one of the ingredients of binignit is banana and can be served as a dessert .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the aid aluna , which has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 32 . 2 .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain . the airport is operated by enaire which is located in madrid .
the ground of aek athens f . c . , which is in the superleague of greece , is the home ground of which , is located in athens .
union army fought in the american civil war .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
synthpop has its stylistic origins in pop music .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
the leader of the united states is called the president of america .
austin is the largest city in texas , where the english language is spoken . austin is the capital of texas , which is austin , is part of potter county , texas .
rolando maran is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for carrarese calcio .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst ) is the leader of the association for computing machinery .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
abner w . sibal plays for the club , real madrid castilla , which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and is located in asser levy public baths . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the mayor of albuquerque .
akeem dent ' s former team was the atlanta falcons .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is produced in hardcover and has an oclc number of 78771100 .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
james craig watson , who discovered 101 helena , studied at the university of michigan , discovered 101 helena and died in madison , wisconsin .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . its epoch is 27th october , 2015 .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich and a blt .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of the 3 . 04 / 1983 , is the location of the 3 floors and has a ethnic group called asian americans .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is tony tan and the currency is the singapore .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who has played for chelsea fc .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where the capital city is washington dc .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , in austria and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party is austrian people ' s party .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located in the city of blackpool . the club is called " blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the country where the leader is sergio mattarella .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states .
aaron deer ' s record label is alligator records .
the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham , which is governed by the architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , who designed 103 colmore row .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire .
the awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor , in the state of kerala . the largest city in india is mumbai and the country is led by kochi .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the languages spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is the zamboangans .
adam mc quaid was born on october 12th , 1986 and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it has a staff of 737 and is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , in new york and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 31 december 2006 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the rome region of italy .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
the birth place of aaron s . daggett is greene gorbach .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and funk . drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan and amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
arlington is part of the state of texas , where the spanish language is spoken .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alma mater of james craig watson is the university of michigan and he died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater is the university of michigan and he discovered 103 hera .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . he is a performer of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alan martin is a footballer who plays for the hamilton academical f . c . which is located in the united states .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is called the president and the capital city is washington dc . the country is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
the epoch date of 109 felicitas is 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
the dark asteroid called 1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has an academic staff of 250 .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where the capital is putrajaya and the leader is abdul halim of kedah and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the comic character , bolt , was created by dan mishkin and dan mishkin .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a total of 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
ahmad kadhim assad played for the club al - quwa al - jawiya and also for the iraq national football team .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , worked as the secretary of state of state and died in sycamore , illinois .
he was selected as the second overall by the 1999 nhl entry draft. he was selected as the head coach of the astronaut office in the 2003 nhl entry draft.
the united states is the location of 250 delaware avenue which has a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the aston martin v8 is assembled at newport pagnell and is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 . it is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and the aston martin rham / 1 .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is luciano spalletti , who is in the serie b league , who plays for serie b league . c .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoğlu and the location of the ataturk monument ( i̇zmir ) .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is called the president of the united states . the country is the location of 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . he is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke - taylor . it was first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in göttingen .
the polish academy of sciences , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , is the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . , which has the lccn number of 60040714 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
aaron deer is from indianapolis , indiana , united states .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and the location of barny cakes can be found .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains condensed milk , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is putrajaya .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire .
american buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the languages spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is the zamboangans .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the dark asteroid called 1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
attica , indiana is located in the united states and has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . the population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran . funk is a derivative of jazz and funk is a derivative of jazz .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in denmark . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is led by bill marriott , is located in washington dc .
the epoch of 1001 gaussia is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the battle of fredericksburg was part of the american civil war conflict , where one of the commanders was , alfred moore scales .
the location identifier for agra airport is viag and the agra airport is located in agra . the airport is operated by the airports authority of india and the airports authority of india .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar was the technical institute , kaduna .
a . f . c . fylde , which has 3180 members , played in the 2014 - 15 season and their ground is at afc fylde .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes and is located at paracuellos de los reyes . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 36 r and a length of 4349 . 0 .
the celestial body known as 1001 gaussia has a mean temperature of 170 kelvins .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is in the qatar stars league .
above the veil , which was followed by aenir , was followed by aenir , followed by the sequel castle and the sequel castle .
a commander in world war ii , the war ii , was , albert jennings fountain , who was born in connecticut .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
adare manor is located in adare , munster .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia where the leader is tony tan and one of the languages spoken is english .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in london . the u . k . is led by the parliament of the u . k . , which is led by elizabeth ii .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where english is the language spoken .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california , where english is spoken .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the capital of the united kingdom is london , the location of which is led by elizabeth ii and is led by the parliament of the united kingdom .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of the city of auburn , which is part of donnell county in alabama .
the ground of akron summit assault is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , ohio , united states .
the leader of greece , where the language is greek and the location of the city of athens international airport is located . the country is led by alexis tsipras and the location of athens international airport is located in greece .
alex day ' s genre is synthpop .
binignit is a dish from the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it contains sago .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his career ended on march 4th 1905 .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 41 sq km .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in the german empire .
aaron deer is from indianapolis , indiana , united states .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 and august 1956 .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m o dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland and his successor was william m o dawson .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the club u . c . sampdoria .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where ayam penyet comes from .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the mayor of albuquerque .
one of the languages spoken in canada is french .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
albert b white was born on july 22nd , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , was a member of the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college in cambridge .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where arem arem comes from .
albany is located in oregon , where the capital is salem .
he made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee . he also played for the new england patriots and also played for the los angeles rams .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his former team is the new england patriots .
adam maher ' s club is az alkmaar .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in rostock and are located in germany . the airport is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
al anderson plays the guitar in the nrbq band which is a musical fusion of rock music which originated from country music . the stylistic origin of rock music is bhangra music is a stylistic origin of rock music .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
the musical genre of music is rhythm and blues which is derived from funk and funk .
alex tyus is in the euroleague for the club maccabi tel aviv b . c . , which is in the superleague greece .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered 107 camilla .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in the city of mendrisio . it has a staff of 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
canada is led by elizabeth ii and has an ethnic group called asian canadians and is the birthplace of aaron boogaard .
madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , the country of spain , where the leader is barack obama .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which was created by duncan rouleau and steven t seagle . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications and has the issn number of 978 - 8392 and the lccn number of 57059226 .
christian alternative rock is a fusion genre of alternative rock which has the sub genre christian alternative rock .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 and a length of 600 . 0 .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . its periapsis is 296521000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states where english is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is the location of the native americans .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season .
austin is the largest city in texas , where the county seat is georgetown . austin is the county seat of travis county , texas .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for the antares rocket which was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 17 at the vandenberg air force base .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma .
the atlas ii comes from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovač is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and kornelije kovač .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where english is spoken , and the location of akron , ohio is , which is located in the united states .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for the antares rocket which was launched at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 17 at the vandenberg air force base .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of apollo 14 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik and is the location of the agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who speak indian air force .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital city is rome .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is led by sumitra mahajan .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . it has a straight - four engine and was manufactured by the british car .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the area code of antioch california is 657 .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who died in chennai .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich which comes from the united kingdom .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war , where aaron s . daggett was in the battle of fredericksburg and one of the commanders is , robert e . lee .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois .
109 felicitas was the birthplace of 109 felicitas .
the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has a number of 18 .
manhattan is a part of new york city .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for afc blackpool f . c .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and is built by the montreal locomotive works .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the club u . s . roma .
alan martin , who is a member of the clubs , accrington stanley f . c . , plays for the club , the club , accrington stanley f . c .
agnes kant is a member of the socialist party in the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte . the country uses the colour of the colour of the colour of agnes kant is the colour of the colour of the agnes kant .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
the battle of fredericksburg was part of the american civil war conflict , where one of the commanders was , alfred moore scales .
aaron bertram is an artist with the band kids imagine nation and his musical genre is ska punk .
aaron hunt played for the club sv werder bremen ii which is managed by viktor skrypnyk and is located in the city of sv werder bremen ii .
robert e . lee was a commander in the american civil war .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where you will find auburn , which is part of lee county , alabama .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed to the record label of floating world records and is now signed to the record label deram records .
aleksandra kovač plays rhythm and blues music .
the acura tlx is a mid - size class of vehicle and is assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a front - wheel drive and all - wheel drive .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and is found in the country of indonesia and singapore .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area codes of 657 and 657 .
born in england , alfred garth jones , died in sidcup .
akeem ayers was born on july 10th , 1989 and his debut team was the tennessee titans who are based in the city of st louis . louis rams .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . he was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which is governed by the all india council for technical education in the state of karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the city of athens is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes and is located at san sebastian de los reyes . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 32 r and a length of 4349 . 0 .
the celestial body known as 11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 170 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
julia morgan is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksander barkov jr ' s draft team is the florida panthers .
amdavad ni gufa is located in amdavad ni gufa , which is owned by amdavad ni gufa .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and duncan rouleau .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was a member of the justicialist party and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the leader is barack obama and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a 2 door coupe body and was designed by dodge .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
austin is the largest city in texas , where the english language is spoken . austin is spoken in texas , where austin is the capital .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
the united states is the location of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the united states includes the ethnic group of african americans and is the location of angola , indiana .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where the leader is called called called " , " , " , " , " .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , united kingdom and died in sidcup , london .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
st louis is the birthplace of adam mc quaid , who is a member of the st . louis rams , which is led by elizabeth ii .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is " , which is available in print and is available in print .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin , who was born in burbank , california .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from rome , italy .
batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . he is the sequel to the grantville gazettes and the grantville gazettes .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is the sequel to grantville gazettes .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was selected by nasa in 1959 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who died in chennai . he was born in chennai and was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois , united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , which is owned by aida cruises who are located in illinois .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of the 3 . 04 / 1983 , is the location of the 3 floors and has a ethnic group called asian americans .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president and the location of albany , georgia is located .
rolando maran is in the vicenza calcio club .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in fort campbell , texas . he has a background as a solo singer .
abel hernandez , who played youth football for central espanol , played youth football for the uruguay national football team , also played for the club , now plays for the uruguay national football team , u . s . città di palermo .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and is a member of the justicialist party . he was a member of the justicialist party and was in office while juan peron was president .
austin is the largest city in texas , where the county seat is georgetown . austin is the county seat of travis county , texas .
black pirate is a black pirate .
born on november 12th , 1978 , in katowice , in poland , is the location of abradab . he is associated with the rapper magik and is associated with the rapper magik .
the bacon sandwich ( which comes from the united kingdom ) is a variation of a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . it includes the ingredient bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
allan shivers , who served in the united states army , fought in world war ii , was a commander in which , was joseph stalin .
christian panucci is attached to the club inter milan .
aaron hunt played for the club sv werder bremen ii which is managed by viktor skrypnyk and is located in the city of sv werder bremen ii .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo .
bananaman , which was created by steve bright , was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both afc and de graafschap .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where asam pedas is a dish from .
the musician , andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
the book aenir is available in paperback and has an isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 " .
a long way is available in hardcover and has the oclc number of 57392246 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , madison county , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of america , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was manufactured by chrysler .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , was a member of the wildweeds , whose musical genre is rock music .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is in print .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . he was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
ayam penyet is a dish from the singapore region where the leader is tony tan and english is spoken .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
austin is the largest city in texas , where austin is located . the county seat of austin is located in the state of texas .
ice cream is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the country of france .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records which is located in chicago .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan , who was born in california and also designed the asilomar state beach and also designed asilomar state beach .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
andrews county airport is located in texas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and died in graz .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , is the last aired by the bbc .
1em center}mw-parser-output .id-lock-subscription a,.mw-parser-output .citation .cs1-lock-subscription a{background-image:url;background-image:linear-gradient,url;background-repeat:no-repeat;background-size:9px;background-position:right .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones , who was born in the new york city .
alan martin , who was born on january 1st , 1989 , played football for fc accrington stanley fc and now plays for fc .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake or christmas pudding .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and was born in italy . he has been manager of ac lumezzane and is michele marcolini .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of klink . 0 .
white rice is an ingredient in arròs negre .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois .
alan martin is a footballer who plays for the hamilton academical f . c . which is located in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
marv wolfman was created by marv wolfman .
the architect of adare manor , which was augustus pugin , is owned by adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
the celestial body known as 1097 vicia has an average speed of 18 . 33 kilometres per second .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia where the leader is tony tan and one of the languages spoken is english .
massimo drago has been the manager of a d . s . città di palermo and is in the serie a league .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , alabama .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is located in java .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and has a four - stroke engine . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 and august 1956 .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . he was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla , is the florida panthers .
buzz aldrin , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the people are known as italians .
the largest city of the state of the state of vermont is burlington . the country is the location of birth date of alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is " 09 l / 27 r " and the runway name is 09 r " . the airport serves the city of amsterdam , which is located at - 27 , 2014 .
above the veil is written by garth nix and is available in hardcover .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , which is part of du page county , illinois , united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and one of the ethnic groups is the germans of the star spangled banner .
bhajji is from the jalisco region .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo , uruguay .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th september 1987 . he has played with the atlanta falcons and his former team is the houston texans .
the united states is led by the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups in that country are the asian americans and is the location of austin , texas .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the book , a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in the united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises , which is owned by aida cruises .
the celestial body known as ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has a periapsis of 41498400000 . 0 kilometres .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the comic character , bolt , was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
aleksandra kovač is an exponent of pop music and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and kornelije kovač .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
103 colmore row was designed by architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham .
adam holloway was born in faversham and his alma mater is magdalene college .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins , which is located in the united kingdom . the capital of the united kingdom is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , shrimp , and beef .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
alan martin is a footballer for the hamilton academical fc .
american buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai .
andra is a rhythm and blues singer .
the leader of france is called manuel valls and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the dish comes from the region of france , where the dish comes from .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is tony tan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by the american submarine nr - 1 . it was launched in january 1956 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , is now retired .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
amdavad ni gufa is located in amdavad ni gufa , which is owned by amdavad ni gufa , located in gujarat , india .
the musician , andrew white , is a performer of alternative rock which has the sub genre nu metal .
akeem dent made his debut with the atlanta falcons who play in the city of houston texans who are based in the city of houston , texas .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway called 09 l / 27 r and a length of 3990 . 0 .
associazione calcio lumezzane ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro league .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
the alv x - 1 has a total of 1 . 524 metres in diameter and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
atlanta falcons play in the city of atlanta .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) is published by the johns hopkins university press .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . it contains peanut sauce and contains peanut sauce .
the celestial body known as 1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra , malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are the asam pedas and malaysian chinese .
london is the location of barny cakes .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - khor sports club which is in the qatar stars league .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , united kingdom and died in sidcup , london .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the city of lahore .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
he served as a member of the nigerian parliament from 1999 until 1999 when he was succeeded by olusegun obasanjo
the dark asteroid called 1000 piazzia has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and his successor was donald j . irwin .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and his club is ferencvarosi tc . he also a member of the united petrotrin fc whose ground is the palo seco velodrome , is the palo seco velodrome .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy public baths which is part of new netherland .
the amc matador is assembled in mexico city and has a amc v8 engine . it has a amc v8 engine and a station wagon style body .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force .
anderson is part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
the parent company of philips records is aida cruises .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin . his alma mater was the university of michigan and he was a member of the 103 hera .
the current president of the u . s . from that country is also the location of agnes ward white .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
the celestial body known as 103 hera has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
the italian language is spoken in italy where amatriciana sauce comes from .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke - taylor . it was first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18 l / 36 r .
according to the journal citation reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 2.
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains condensed milk , granola , granola , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in italy and are located in werft .
fort worth is the largest city in texas .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is located in greece , the capital of which , is athens .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv and his club is fc karpaty lviv .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi which was founded by august horch .
fort worth is the largest city in texas .
akita prefecture is located in japan .
the author of barny cakes ( comics character ) is faber .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport and has its maiden flight on april 18 , 2013 .
107 camilla , which has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres and the periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in st . louis .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
the 1955 dodge is related to the chrysler newport .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is " and is available in print .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
the ground of a . f . c . fylde is located in livorno , texas and is the location of the ground of afc fylde .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan .
the musical genre of music is rhythm and blues which is derived from funk and funk .
a commander in the american civil war , which , was joseph stalin . he was a commander in the american civil war , a commander in which , was , washington , d . roosevelt .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in the new mexico territory .
the united states is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey , where the largest city is newark .
the celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where asam pedas is a dish from .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , bobina , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of auburn , which is part of donnell county in alabama .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 and has a crew member of apollo 8 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . it is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the currency is the mexican peso .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , where gujarat is led by amdavad ni gufa .
the manager of 1 . fc köln is jens härtel , who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
aaron bertram is an artist with the band kids imagine nation and his musical genre is ska punk .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where you will find auburn , which is part of lee county , alabama .
bakso contains noodles and comes from the country of indonesia .
the club was founded on 1 june 1920 and has played in the 2014 – 15 floors . the club also played in the eerste klasse .
the audi a1 is made by audi , which was founded by august horch .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones , who was born in the new york city .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is led by ranil wickremesinghe .
the key person at the bbc is tony hall , which is located in london . the bbc is the location of the bbc which has a key person called bananaman .
one of the ingredients of binignit is banana and can be served as a dessert .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the united kingdom and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge .
the andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
allen forrest is a solo singer who was born in fort campbell , alabama .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
the audi a1 was founded by august horch .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and attended the radboud university nijmegen . his alma mater is radboud university nijmegen and he is a member of the radboud university nijmegen .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
the aid aluna , which has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 32 . 2 .
the ground of akron summit assault is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , ohio , united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico territory .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
luciano spalletti has been manager of a c . chievo verona and is in the uruguayan primera división league .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato , which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
the leader of france is called manuel valls and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the dish comes from the region of france , where the dish comes from .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math ) is published by the johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states .
the alhambra , which has a top speed of 18 . 3m , was launched on the 31st may 1855 and has a top speed of 18 . 52 .
airey neave fought in the battle of france .
james craig watson ' s alma mater is the university of michigan .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albany , georgia is located .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , in the united states .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina , where the spanish language is spoken . he died in buenos aires where the leader is gabriela michetti .
the epoch of 101 helena is 31 december 2006 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has a runway called 09 l / 27 r and a length of 3992 . 0 .
fulton county , georgia is located in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and aston martin .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues musician who was signed to the record label , tab benoit and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president and alfred moore scales was born in , new york city .
the runway name of alderney airport is " 14 l / 21 " .
the andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which has a musical fusion genre called bhangra .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . he is the sequel to the grantville gazettes and the grantville gazettes .
the aid aluna is operated by aida cruises who are located in germany .
elliot see is deceased .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains the main ingredient of sweet potato and sago .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo , where the leader is tabare vazquez and the people of uruguay are known as americans .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres . its epoch is , 2006 - 06 - 0 kilometres .
anders osborne is associated with the musical artist billy iuso and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
vegetables are an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
antonis samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by al - amin daggash , was in office whilst mike akhigbe was vice president .
the aston martin v8 was manufactured by aston martin and aston martin .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c . cesena , who has been a c . cesena , is in the serie a league and has been the manager of a c cesena .
the musician , andrew white is signed to the record label fiction and is associated with the musical artist , marry banilow . he is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical fusion genre is alternative rock .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the leader of the country is silvano aureoles conejo and it is also served as a dessert course .
the book aenir is written by garth nix and was written by garth nix .
the club was founded on 1 june 1920 and has played in the 2014 – 15 floors . the club also played in the eerste klasse .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
the comic book character ben urich was created by roger mc kenzie and roger mc kenzie .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna .
adam holloway , who fought in the gulf war , was involved in gulf war , where john major was a commander . w . bush was a commander in the gulf war .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 490 . 9 square kilometres , and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of the 3 . 04 / 1983 , is the location of the 3 floors and has a ethnic group called asian americans .
the runway name of alderney airport is " 14 l / 21 " .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , in austria and died in graz . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party is austrian people ' s party .
the icao location identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier of ashgabat .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the first stage of the aid astella , which was launched on march 17th , 2013 .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport has the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter aircraft fighter called mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the runway length of alderney airport is 497 . 0 and the runway is made of asphalt .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich which comes from the united kingdom .
the epoch of 1001 gaussia is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo .
arlington is part of texas , where the largest city is houston .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
american buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
antioch is part of contra costa county in california .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue , which has 12 floors , is located in buffalo , is a total of 30843 . 8 square metres and a total of 12 floors .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . the area codes of 657 and 657 .
white people are an ethnic group in south africa .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he also plays for fc amkar perm , which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and white americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , hogao sauce , and lemon .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city , where one of the languages spoken is french . he fought in the american civil war , where the leader is abraham lincoln and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the celestial body known as 1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
the 3 arena is located at " north wall quay " and was completed in december 2008 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is called artur rasizade and the national assembly is the prime minister .
the alv x - 1 has a total of 1 . 524 metres in diameter and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
washington dc is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the book " a wizard of mars " was written by garth nix and has the isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 9 " .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of the a fortress of grey ice .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker , who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . , is in the u . s . a .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf and studied at the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the country of brazil .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup , in london .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the largest city is houston .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , in spain and belongs to the spanish socialist workers ' party .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , which is led by elizabeth ii and uses the english language .
alan frew is a performer of rock music .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2776 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , in new jersey , united states .
the first runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and is 497 . 0 long .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . mike akhigbe was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president , who was in the nigerian navy , was succeeded by , al - amin daggash .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 .
white people are an ethnic group in south africa .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport and the aston martin dbs are related means of transport . the latter vehicle is assembled in the united kingdom and the country is led by elizabeth ii .
the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the largest city is indianapolis . english is the language spoken in indiana .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is called the president and angola , indiana is located .
the ground of a . s . livorno calcio is located in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake or christmas pudding .
the audi a1 is related to the saab 9000 .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
aleksandra kovač ' s birthplace was rca aleksandra kovač .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
ayam penyet is a dish from the singapore region where the leader is tony tan and english is spoken .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , which is located in rostock , germany .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers . it has a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 3m .
adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven and he plays for the club az eindhoven and is connected to the adam maher .
antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 sq km and a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
elliot see is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the launch site of the antares rocket is vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 which was at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . , is a member of the conservative party in the united kingdom , where the leader of the united kingdom .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is the language spoken and the leader is known as the president .
the alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and died in new york city .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of which is called cyrus vance jr . is the location of the city of manhattan .
alan shepard is an american who died in california . he was born in new hampshire and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the department of commerce gold medal by the department of commerce gold medal .
the location of aarhus airport is tirstrup , which is in the central denmark region . the country is led by margrethe ii of denmark .
the area codes for albany , georgia are 404 and 404 .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in the united states .
the leader of the united states is called the president of the united states and one of the ethnic groups is white americans .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) designed by pietro canonica , which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of the city of alba iulia , romania .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the antioquia department region .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi and one of the ethnic groups is the spaniards .
3 arena is located in dublin , in the republic of ireland .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers . it has a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 3m .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the los angeles herald examiner building .
amc matador has a amc v8 engine .
10 hygiea has a temperature of 164 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , and raised in dothan , alabama . he has a background as a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
the film big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter jr . , is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where english is spoken .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is produced in hardcover and has an oclc number of 78771100 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in denmark .
buzz aldrin , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
the area code of antioch california is 657 .
the film big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter jr . , is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) is a dish from the karnataka region . it contains gram flour and vegetables .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the icao location identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier identifier of ashgabat .
the acura tlx is assembled at the marysville auto plant and is a mid - size car .
albert b white was born on july 22nd , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , united states and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was a member of the u . s .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician signed to the record label of floating world records and is now signed to the record label deram records .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is called the president and asian americans are an ethnic group .
american motors , the manufacturer of the amc matador , which was manufactured by chrysler , is manufactured by chrysler , is a key person at american motors , where the company is roy d chapin jr .
the elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of ( in metres ) , indiana .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
the headquarters of the headquarters of the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are in ashgabat , turkmenistan .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of albany , which is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the people are known as italians .
st louis is the birthplace of adam mc quaid , who is a member of the st . louis rams , which is led by elizabeth ii .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where alfred moore scales was born . he fought in the battle of fredericksburg , which was part of the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains peanut sauce is a variation of shumai and is a variation of siomay .
madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , the country of spain , where the leader is barack obama .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of the city of alba iulia , romania .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is luciano spalletti , who is in the serie b league , who plays for serie b league . c .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which is governed by the all india council for technical education in the state of karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the city of athens is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) is a dish from the karnataka region . it contains gram flour and vegetables .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe with a straight - four engine .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
aenir is written in english .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , was a member of the wildweeds , whose musical genre is rock . he was once a member of the wildweeds and his musical genre is once a member of the wildweeds .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of auburn , which is part of donnell county in alabama .
arlington is part of the state of texas , where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin .
ace wilder was born on july 23 , 1982 . he is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and kornelije kovač .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the leader of azerbaijan is called prime minister .
the alfa romeo 164 is assembled in arese and is a related means of transport to the lancia thema .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country is led by lars lokke rasmussen and has its headquarters in brussels .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california , where english is spoken .
the alv x - 1 rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
alvah sabin , who represented the 3rd congressional district , was born in the state of vermont and died in sycamore , illinois .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking .
320 south boston building was completed in 1929 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is operated by the indian air force . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are located in uttar pradesh which is led by ram naik .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in asherton , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . it is located in the united states and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the celestial body known as 110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an epoch date of december 31st 2006 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , in new jersey , united states .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m and a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
the manager of fc koln is peter stoger , who is at the fk austria wien club and is affiliated with the sc wiener neustadt club . he is also manager of 1 . fc koln .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is a member of the new democracy party in greece . he was also a member of the new democracy party of the new democracy party in greece .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by eric flint , virginia de marce and eric flint .
adam holloway was in the grenadier guards .
abel hernandez , who played youth football for central espanol , played youth football for the uruguay national football team , also played for the club , now plays for the uruguay national football team , u . s . città di palermo .
bionico is a food from the guadalajara region of mexico .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 16 football team and plays for the club u . s . roma .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , bobina , who is associated with the musical artist , bobina , jwaydan moyine , and christian burns .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is olympique lyonnais whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
london is the location of barny cakes .
born in austria - hungary is the language spoken in the country where the leader is austrian german and the leader is doris bures .
the aston martin v8 is assembled at newport pagnell , which is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
109 felicitas was the birthplace of 109 felicitas .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is a variation of bakewell pudding from the derbyshire dales region , which is led by patrick mc loughlin .
in the first year of the building of the building of the building began in the building of the building of the building of the building of the building
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the inhabitants are known as texans .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes and is located at san sebastian de los reyes . the airport has a runway named 18 l / 32 r and a length of 4349 . 0 .
akeem ayers , who was number 39 in the draft pick , used to play for the los angeles rams .
the celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 2 . 0 kilograms and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in disco .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 kilometres .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : : : noodles , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , garlic , dark soy sauce , dark soy sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
a commander in world war ii , the war ii , was , albert jennings fountain , who was born in connecticut .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 .
aaron turner is a performer of the musical genre post - metal , which is a musical fusion of which , is a musical fusion of black metal .
the architect of the 320 south boston building , which was completed in 1929 , is located in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by , abdul rahman ya ' kub , was in office whilst tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made of asphalt .
a glastonbury romance is written by john cowper powys .
the alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
it is a type of dessert that can also be served as a type of dessert and can be served as a dessert .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport has the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter aircraft called mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital city is washington dc .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of akron , ohio .
the musician , andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock .
karl kesel is an american .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq .
the main ingredients of arem - arem is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
abel hernandez , a member of the central espanol club , plays for the uruguay national football team , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandr chumakov died in moscow , where the leader is called sergey sobyanin .
the people of denmark are known as finns .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , noodle , noodle , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and beef broth .
asser levy public baths are located in manhattan , which is part of new netherland . manhattan is the leader of manhattan .
the birth place of agustin barboza is paraguay , the leader of which , is called called juan afara , and the birth place of agustin barboza .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , noodle , noodle , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables and beef broth .
robert e . lee was a commander in the battle of fredericksburg .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , in the united states and his musical genre is rhythm and blues .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2776 . 0 .
the aid astella is owned by costa crociere who are located in italy and are located in werft .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a four - stroke engine . it was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the celestial body known as 1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 7 kgs and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
washington dc is the capital of the u . s . where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
aaron turner is an exponent of doom metal .
antonis samaras was in office while konstantinos mitsotakis was prime minister .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi , which was founded by august horch and is a subsidiary of audi , which was founded by august horch .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 1 february 1989 , played for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc kuban krasnodar and his club is fc kuban krasnodar .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region .
al anderson plays the guitar in the nrbq band which is a musical fusion of rock music which originated from country music . the stylistic origin of rock music is bhangra music is a stylistic origin of rock music .
the atlas ii was launched from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is located in denmark . the country is led by margrethe ii of denmark and the language of denmark is danish .
the book aenir is written by garth nix and was written by garth nix .
the united states is the location of atlantic city , which is part of new jersey , where the largest city is newark .
aleksandr chumakov was born in athens , russia . he died in russia , where the leader is called sergey sobyanin .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains peanut sauce is a variation of shumai and is a variation of siomay .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and duncan rouleau .
luciano spalletti is in the vicenza calcio club .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . army , fought in the spanish - american civil war , and was a member of the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
aleksandra kovač ' s birthplace was rca aleksandra kovač .
sportpark de toekomst is operated by afc ajax .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written by eric flint and has the isbn number of " 0 - 4165 - 0 " .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
the atlas ii comes from the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for afc blackpool f . c .
abner w . sibal plays for the club , real madrid castilla , which is managed by luis miguel ramis .
tomato belongs to the genus solanum and is an ingredient in bakso .
the united states army fought in world war ii , where one of the commanders was , d . sibal . sibal .
elliot see died in st . louis .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the leader is barack obama and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the runway length at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 1 , 992 . 0 .
california is led by the california state assembly , which is located in the state capitol . english is spoken in california .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . the country ' s capital is indianapolis and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi and one of the ethnic groups is the spaniards .
juan carlos i of spain is the leader of spain .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and is a member of the u . s . a .
the runway length of angola international airport is 4000 . 0 .
107 camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
addiction ( journal ) has an lccn number of 93645978 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albany , georgia is located .
baked alaska is a dish from france , which contains sponge cake and comes from the country of france .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in boris johnson led , london . the european parliament is the leader of the european parliament .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena . he plays for fc amkar perm , which is based at the otkrytiye arena .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association in brussels , which has its headquarters in brussels .
the celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 fd has a mass of 3 . 3 kgs .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was succeeded by al - amin daggash , was in office whilst mike akhigbe was vice president .
solo singer , alfredo zitarrosa , has a background as a solo singer .
the ariane 5 was launched from the guiana space centre .
the character of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the issn number of " 0 - 2868 " and the lccn number of 89646863 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made of asphalt .
the book " 1634 : the ram rebellion " was written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
the alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located at ícolo e dimitra efxeinoupolis and is located in the city of efxeinoupoli .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv and his club is fc karpaty lviv .
airey neave , who fought in the battle of france , was involved in the battle of france and was involved in the battle of france .
the epoch of 110 lydia is 31 december 2006 and has a mass of 7 . 7 kg . it has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
ayam penyet is a food found in java .
the abbreviation of aip advances is " aip adv . " . " . " and the code is " aip advances " .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c . , in the united states and his musical genre is rhythm and blues .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of ( in metres ) , indiana .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , shrimp , and beef .
allan shivers was born on march 11th , 1947 .
alison o ' donnell plays the bodhran and performs jazz music . funk is a derivative of jazz .
the united states includes the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
jill shilling is the creator of bananaman which is bananaman .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association in brussels .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located in the city of blackpool . the club is called " blackpool " and they have 1500 members .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and played for the club anyang halla .
american motors , the manufacturer of american motors , is roy d chapin jr . , which is a key person at american motors .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
california is led by the california state assembly , which is located in the state capitol . english is spoken in california .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
chinese is an ingredient in bakso .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the location of angola , indiana is , where you will find angola , which is located .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the location of angola , indiana is , where you will find angola , which is located .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital city is rome .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find alpharetta , which is part of fulton county , georgia .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is floating world records and he is now signed to the record label deram records .
the book aenir is available in paperback and has an isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 " .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , in the luanda province , in angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway called " 05 l / 23 r " .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . a . and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
ahmad kadhim assad ' s club is al - jawiya .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under - 16 football team .
born in athens , greece , adonis georgiadis , was a member of the greek new democracy party , and was succeeded by makis voridis .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is called african americans and the capital is washington dc .
the currency in india is the rupee .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4349 . 0 and it is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
the musical genre of alex day is electronic music and he is associated with the musician , charlie mc donnell , who is associated with charlie mc donnell .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of albany , which is part of benton county , oregon , in the u . s .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana .
the launch site of the vandenberg air force base is at the vandenberg air force base .
andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is rock . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is rock .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
the english language is spoken in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the location of amarillo , which is part of potter county in texas .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 09 / 26 .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of the city of atlanta , which is part of fulton county in georgia .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was succeeded by the rover company .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . it is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is the name of estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in brazil .
al - amin daggash was the commander of the nigerian air force , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . the airport was succeeded by , al - amin daggash .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is viag .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the architect of adare manor , which was augustus pugin , is owned by adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
alan martin , who was born on 30 january 1989 , played football for the club , now plays for the club , fc karpaty lviv and for the club .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi , which was founded by august horch and is a subsidiary of audi , which was founded by august horch .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 31 december 2006 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , madison county , new jersey , united states . the airport is operated by the port authority of america , which is located in egg harbor township , new jersey .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka which is governed by the all india council for technical education in the state of karnataka . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . the city of athens is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is called artur rasizade and the national assembly is the prime minister .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
buzz aldrin , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states , where english is spoken , and the location of akron , ohio is , which is located in the united states .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c .
ajoblanco is from spain .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . , where you will find auburn , which is part of lee county , alabama .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the book , oclc number of the book , by garth nix , is available in hardcover and is available in hardcover .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
the fiat croma and alfa romeo 164 are all cars .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , italy .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
black pirate is a black pirate .
the acharya institute of technology in the city of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
gene colan is the full name of ben urich .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of akron , ohio .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , where the main ingredients are meringue , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
abraham a . ribicoff was a member of the united states national , where he was a member of the connecticut senate from . he died in the u . s . a .
107 camilla , which was discovered by m . o . watson , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . the epoch 31 december 2006 .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin , the leader of the united states . the country is the location of adare manor , which is led by , is located in adare manor .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the country where the capital is rome and sergio mattarella are leaders . the country is the location of amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the crew of apollo 8 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is the language spoken and the leader is known as the president .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
adam koc , who fought in the polish – soviet war , was involved in battles in the russian civil war , where joseph stalin was a commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , in new york and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and kornelije kovač .
alan bean is american .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander .
abradab was born in katowice , in poland . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper magik .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albany , georgia is located .
the andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is gerard larcher and the currency is the euro .
the architect of the 320 south boston building is hok sve .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president and alfred moore scales was born in , new york city .
allan shivers , who served in the united states army , fought in world war ii , was a commander in which , was joseph stalin .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , is a member of the conservative party in the united kingdom and his alma mater is magdalene college in cambridge . he was a member of the conservative party in the u . k . , cambridge .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office whilst tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang was the deputy .
andrews county airport is located in texas .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , was born in the kingdom of france .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
the largest city in the state of vermont is burlington . the country is the location of alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois , which is led by henry clay .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is the location of albennie jones is , who was born in errata , mississippi .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m o dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland and his successor was william m o dawson .
the comic character , bolt , was created by dan mishkin and dan mishkin .
andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is rock . he plays for the band kaiser chiefs and his musical genre is rock .
the musician andrew white ' s musical genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk rock and new wave music .
born in fort campbell , alabama , is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music and was originally a solo singer .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , in the luanda province , in angola . the airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway called " 05 l / 23 r " .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located in asherton , texas .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
the aids journal , issn number of hiv / aids , comes under the academic discipline hiv and is hiv / aids .
the book " 1634 : the bavarian crisis " written by eric flint , was preceded by " 1634 : the ram rebellion " written by eric flint , which is written in english .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
barny cakes can be found in the philippines .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 and is located in the city of mendrisio . its leader is called johann schneider - ammann and the federal chancellor is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a flowering plant .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and has a top speed of 24 . 0 km / h .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , in the united states .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway named 18 l / 36 r .
the book aenir is available in paperback and has an isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 " .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance .
the largest city in oregon is salem , oregon .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
alison o ' donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins in funk . funk is derived from jazz and funk is a derivative of jazz .
the airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is in the state of texas. it is located at an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18 / 36 r .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi .
the chairman of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states .
the acura tlx is a mid - size class of vehicle and is assembled at the marysville auto plant . it has a front - wheel drive and all - wheel drive .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in the second world war in the second world war in which , ended his career on march 4th , 1979 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a bachelor of science degree in science degree .
tomato belongs to the genus solanum and is an ingredient in bakso .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan where the leader is nawaz sharif .
the antares rocket , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
aleksandra kovač was born in serbia in 1972 . he is a performer of pop music which has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio .
gene colan is the full name of ben urich .
the aids journal , hiv / aids , has the issn number 0269 - 9370 and is hiv .
ace wilder is a solo singer who was born in stockholm , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
the bacon sandwich ( which comes from the united kingdom ) is a variation of a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . it includes the ingredient bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
elliot see died in st . louis .
the musical genre of allen forrest is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and funk and funk .
batagor is a dish from indonesia and contains peanut sauce .
the area code for atlantic city international airport , which has a population density of 1580 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometre . the city is texas. . 0 square kilometres .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and has a four - stroke engine . it was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , which is led by elizabeth ii and uses the english language .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine , who are located in london . the company is owned by p & o company who are located in london and has a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine .
the antares rocket , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was made by the yuzhnoye design office .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia where the leader is tony tan and one of the languages spoken is english .
the spanish language is spoken in texas , where the largest city is houston and the location of the city is houston and the location of andrews county airport is located in texas .
the united states is led by the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups in that country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
jorge humberto rodriguez is in the el salvador national football team .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4349 . 0 and it is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
a commander in the gulf war was george h . bush .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where the capital is washington dc .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . it is categorized as a contributing property . it is categorized as a contributing property and is categorized as a contributing property . adams county is located in the west of the state of pennsylvania , which is categorized as a contributing property .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the city of lahore .
the abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the airport has a runway named 17 l / 35 r and a length of 1533 . 0 .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in sidcup .
bionico is a food from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains granola .
binignit is a dessert that contains sago and contains sago .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country ' s leader is called the president of the united states and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in greece , which is the home ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in the city of efxeinoupoli .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana and can be served as a dessert .
aston martin virage is a related to the aston martin dbs .
marv wolfman was created by marv wolfman .
the antares rocket , made by the yuzhnoye design office , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
albert b white was born on july 22nd , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the location identifier for agra airport is viag and the agra airport is located in agra . the airport is operated by the indian air force who are located in uttar pradesh .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
the language of indonesia is indonesian .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is located in greece , the capital of which , is athens .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin , the leader of the united states . the country is the location of adare manor , which is led by , is located in adare manor .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
alpena county , michigan is part of the u . s . a .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 and has a crew member of apollo 11 .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
adam maher ' s club is psv eindhoven and he plays for the club az eindhoven and is connected to the adam maher .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan where the leader is nawaz sharif .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan and amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 . he was a test pilot and died in california .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states , which contains sponge cake .
the country amatriciana sauce comes from is rome , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome .
batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire .
a commander in the gulf war was george h . bush .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and he plays for inter milan .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is where you will find auburn , which is part of lee county , alabama .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the chinese .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find auburn , which is part of donnell county , alabama .
the united states is led by barack obama and has the capital city of washington dc .
the california state senate is located in the state capitol .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , has the coden code of " apgpac " and the lccn number is 60040714 .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are related means of transport .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the airport is located in al asad airbase and has the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter called the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium and one of the languages spoken is french .
the new york city council is the birth place of albert jennings fountain , who died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of " acta math . hungar . " and the lccn number is 83646315 . it is also known as acta math . hungar .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
aaron turner is an artist for the band isis and his musical genre is ambient . he is associated with the musical artist , aaron turner , who is associated with the musician , who is associated with the musical artist , who , is associated with the band , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet , who played for chelsea f . c .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , whose parent company is john wiley & sons . it is the parent company of wiley & sons .
dave challinor , manager of a . f . c . fylde , plays for afc fylde .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoğlu and the location of the ataturk monument ( i̇zmir ) .
the singer , andra , who is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musician , is associated with the musical artist marius moga .
william anders , who was born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and includes the ethnic group of asian americans .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan .
200 public square is located in the united states .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his career ended on march 4th 1905 .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais .
aleksandr prudnikov ' s club is fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the university is located in the city of belgaum and its leader is klaus iohannis .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 7 kg . its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , where gujarat is led by amdavad ni gufa .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 31 december 2006 and it has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
anders osborne is signed to the record label alligator records .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont , was born in the state of vermont , is the largest city in the state of the united states . the country ' s leader is henry clay and he also died in sycamore , illinois .
the comic character asterix , was created by albert goscinny and french , who is the language spoken in france .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . he was a member of the united states national , and was a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
the ground of aek athens f . c . , is in the superleague of greece .
alan martin , who was born on 30 january 1989 , played football for the club , now plays for the club , fc karpaty lviv and for the club .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18 l / 36 r and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
akeem priestley played for the club sheikh russel kc and currently plays for sheikh russel kc .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka .
one of the languages used in the country of the country of the de marce , which is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of state of state of vermont and was succeeded by homer elihu royce .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region and is found in colombia .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , in the luanda province of angola .
the largest city in the state of vermont is burlington . the country is the location of alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois , which is led by henry clay .
the amc matador is assembled in thames , new zealand . it has an amc straight - 6 engine and an amc straight - 6 engine .
the celestial body known as ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has a periapsis of 41498400000 . 0 kilometres .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
born in kent , england , adam holloway , was a member of the grenadier guards and his alma mater was magdalene college in cambridge .
the musical genre of music is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and funk .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its name is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini , who plays for both fc bari 1908 and serie a .
the alv x - 1 rocket has a 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by giuseppe iachini .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii .
the first stage of the aid astella , which was launched on march 17th , 2013 .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
he made his debut for the tennessee titans who are based in the city of nashville , tennessee . he also played for the new england patriots and also played for the los angeles rams .
the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in peoria , illinois .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by , abdul rahman ya ' kub , was in office whilst tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang tuanku bujang .
one of the languages spoken in canada is english .
a commander in world war ii , the war ii , was , albert jennings fountain , who was born in connecticut .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . it is categorized as a contributing property and is categorized as a contributing property .
william anders , who was born on october 17th , 1933 , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa group of apollo 8 .
the aid astella was completed on march 17th , 2013 .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where ayam penyet comes from .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for carrarese calcio club .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher .
the singer andra is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musical artist marius moga .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
the antares rocket was manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army killed in the ottoman army killed in the battle of baku .
the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for carrarese calcio club .
jazz musician alison o ' donnell is signed to the record label deram records , which is located in london . funk is derived from jazz music .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan .
the bacon sandwich ( which comes from the united kingdom ) comes from the country of the country of the country of the united kingdom . it includes the ingredient bacon butty , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the largest city is indianapolis . english is the language spoken in indiana .
the ground of aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) , which is located in the city of athens .
the epoch date of 1089 tama is 26 november 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . the airport has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the leader of jalisco is haider assad .
aida cruises is the owner of the aid aluna .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , usa , is now retired .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 168 . 0 kelvins .
the people of denmark are known as finns .
the architect of the akita museum of art is 3 floors and it is located in akita prefecture .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , which is located in rostock , germany .
the first runway at alderney airport , which is made of asphalt and is 497 . 0 metres above sea level . the runway is made of poaceae which is made of asphalt and is made of asphalt .
the runway length of angola international airport is 4000 . 0 .
the united states is led by barack obama and has the capital city of washington dc .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
london is the location of barny cakes .
the ground of a . s . livorno calcio is located in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
binignit is a dish from the philippines . the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it contains sago .
michigan is located in the united states .
aleksandra kovač is a solo singer who plays rhythm and blues music .
albert b white was born on july 22nd , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
arem - arem is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the leader is called joko widodo . the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the indonesian rupiah is the language spoken there .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies youth team .
batagor is a dish from indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains peanut sauce and is a variation of shumai .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where asam pedas is a dish from .
abel hernandez has played for the club u . s . città di palermo , which is managed by jorge orosmán da silva .
amatriciana is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister of the national assembly and the native name of the native name of the native name of the country is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . it is categorized as a contributing property and is categorized as a contributing property .
elliot see died in st . louis .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
the city of arlington is part of the state of texas , where the largest city is fort worth and the capital is austin .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band .
english is the language of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
al anderson , a member of the band nrbq , was a member of the wildweeds , whose musical genre is rock . he was once a member of the wildweeds and his musical genre is once a member of the wildweeds .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
alan frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is called called called called called called taro taro taro . the ethnic group of japan is the chinese .
one of the languages spoken in canada is french .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and his alma mater is the university of adelaide . he was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was succeeded by adenan satem .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated by nasa in 1963 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 and has a crew member of apollo 8 .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar was the technical institute , kaduna and was the chief of the defence staff of the defence staff of the defence staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the book aenir is written by garth nix and was written by garth nix .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
rear admiral , alberto teisaire , was born in mendoza , argentina and his successor was isaac rojas .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
the asteroid called 10 hygiea has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . it has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the author of barny cakes ( comics character ) is faber .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italian national under 17 football team and plays for the club u . s . roma .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which comes from the derbyshire dales region .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 " .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the politician , birmingham city council .
the elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of ( in metres ) , indiana .
the antares rocket , which was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was made by the yuzhnoye design office .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of apollo 14 .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers . it has a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 3m .
ab klink was born in the netherlands where the currency is the euro and the leader is mark rutte .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from indonesia .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine and is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen engine .
the alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup , in london .
10 l / 28 r is the operating organisation of aarhus airport which is located in aarhus , denmark . the airport has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a length of 2776 . 0 .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen . his doctoral student was halton arp and he died in göttingen .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland and his club is the florida panthers .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is led by barack obama and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the architect of the 320 south boston building is hok sve .
the singer , andra , who is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musician , is associated with the musical artist marius moga .
the alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the leader of that country is known as finns and the people are known as finns .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . he is a performer of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in boris johnson led , london . the european parliament is the leader of the european parliament .
the andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
hip hop music has its stylistic origins in disco .
abraham a . ribicoff was a member of the united states national , where he was a member of the connecticut senate from . he died in the u . s . a .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 and was a member of the nasa operated by nasa operated apollo 11 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and the country ' s leader is called " associazione sportiva arapiraquense " .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
born in uruguay , alfredo zitarrosa , has a background as a solo singer and a solo singer .
aaron hunt ' s club is vf l wolfsburg .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist hector numa moraes .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian and the leader is italian .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
the celestial body known as 1000 piazzia has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 kilometres .
the awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
the leader of amsterdam is klaus iohannis .
the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres , with a population density of 1299 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where one of the ethnic groups is the igorot .
born in austria - hungary is the language spoken in the country where the leader is austrian german and the leader is doris bures .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the fiat croma are all cars .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo , where the leader is tabare vazquez and the people of uruguay are known as americans .
anderson is part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 31 december 2006 and it has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has a runway length of 2215 . 0 and an elevation of 911 . 0 meters above sea level .
the alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alvah sabin , who represented vermont , was born in the state of vermont , is the largest city in the state of the united states . the country ' s leader is henry clay and he also died in sycamore , illinois .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its name is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the university is located in the city of belgaum and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . it is the location of the leader of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27th of july , 1932 .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find the city of alpharetta , georgia .
luciano spalletti has been manager of a c . chievo verona and is in the uruguayan primera división league .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . it contains the main ingredient of sweet potato and sago .
the aston martin v8 is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 and was succeeded by the aston martin virage .
arròs negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
abel caballero was in office while juan carlos i of spain was prime minister . he was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister and abel caballero was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of the location of albany , which is part of georgia , in the u . s . a .
the ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched at the ela - 3 which was launched at the guiana space centre .
auburn , washington has a total area of 140 . 41 sq km .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and is attached to the club virtus entella and has been the manager of a c cesena .
albert b white was born on 22nd september , 1856 and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , chorizo , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , hogao sauce , and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
alfons gorbach died in graz .
the singer andra is associated with the musical artist marius moga and the musical artist marius moga .
andrew rayel is a performer of the musical genre of music , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed and the musician , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is called the president and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the musical genre of albennie jones is rhythm and blues which originated from blues .
the addis ababa city hall was completed in 1929 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
asser levy public baths are located in asser levy public baths which is part of new netherland .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia . it contains : : : noodles , sliced , beef tender loin , sliced , sliced , sliced , sliced , garlic , salted vegetables , beef broth , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , salted vegetables , and beef broth , and olive oil .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . it is categorized as a contributing property . adams county is located in the north of the state of pennsylvania and is categorized as a contributing property .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where you will find the city of alpharetta , georgia .
alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones ' s bones ' s bones ' s bones was written by brandon sanderson .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
solo singer , alfredo zitarrosa , has a background as a solo singer .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin , who was born in burbank , california .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the location of angola , indiana is , where you will find angola , which is located .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues musician who was signed to the record label , tab benoit and is associated with the musical artist billy iuso .
the musical genre of alex day is electronic music and he is associated with the musician , charlie mc donnell , who is associated with charlie mc donnell .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
fountain county , indiana is located in the united states . the u . s . is the location of the 1 above sea level and has a total area of 107 . 43 sq km . the population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it has a staff of 737 and is affiliated with the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels .
the ground of aek athens f . c . , which is in the superleague of greece , is the home ground of which , is the home ground of aek athens fc .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a total of 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is in livorno , italy and they have 39371 members .
anderson is located in madison county , indiana .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the language spoken is spanish .
mtu friedrichshafen is located in mtu friedrichshafen .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
dave challinor , manager of a . f . c . fylde , plays for afc fylde .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was in office while juan peron was president . he was a member of the justicialist party and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist , bobina , who is associated with the musical artist , jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aaron s . daggett fought in the american civil war , which was part of which was part of the american civil war . abraham lincoln was a commander in that war .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois , united states . the location of the aid aluna is owned by aida cruises who are located in illinois .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in london . the u . k . is led by the parliament of the u . k . , which is led by elizabeth ii .
107 camilla , which was discovered by m . o . watson , has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres . the epoch 31 december 2006 .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president and was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet , who played for chelsea f . c .
the architect of adare manor is adare manor which is located in adare , county limerick .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi .
the leader of the united states is called the president of america .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade , who was born in preußisch oldendorf .
the comic character , bolt , was created by ernie colon and ernie colon .
albert b . white was a member of the republican party in the united states .
barny cakes can be found in the philippines .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both afc and de graafschap .
the english language is spoken in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who has played for chelsea fc .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoglu and the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) .
the celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is led by kochi .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the country is led by ahmet davutoglu and the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) .
the aston martin v8 is assembled at newport pagnell , which is a related means of transport to the aston martin rham / 1 .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of indonesia and is found in the country of indonesia and singapore .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of the location of albany , which is part of benton county , oregon .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has played for the club anyang halla , is the florida panthers .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who played with the band twilight and is a member of the band . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
anderson , indiana is located in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis , the location of which is led by anderson township , madison county , indiana .
batagor is a variation of siomay .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , where gujarat is led by amdavad ni gufa .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group .
born in austria - hungary is the language spoken in the country where the leader is austrian german and the leader is doris bures .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is putrajaya .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where the capital is putrajaya and the leader is abdul halim of kedah and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the leader of greece , where the language is greek and the location of the city of athens international airport is located . the country is led by alexis tsipras and the location of athens international airport is located in greece .
the alvis speed 25 was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company .
aenir is written by john cowper castle .
julia morgan , born in california , is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the los angeles herald examiner building , including asilomar state beach and asilomar state beach .
the musical genre of ace wilder is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco and is derived from pop music .
the people of india are known as indian .
