abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
18 r / 36 l is the runway name of the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
the fourth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 04 / 26 ' aagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utao .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the language of belgium is dutch .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called monym for people .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the name of the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new york region .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in 1986 bombing of libya .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster ii .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the building at 320 south boston building was started in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , japan .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 8002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference .
the asilomar conference grounds has an arts and crafts movement architecture of the arts and crafts movement .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
bufffalo new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of bufalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
dublin is the name of the leader of dhalah was críona naigh .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indians is the name given to people from india .
julia morgan ' s significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building .
the city of belive nation entertainment , california , is located in belive nation entertainment .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of south africa ' s ethnic groups are the white south africans .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
a long long way is written in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
the author of above the veil is garth nix .
above the veil is produced in print .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction journal has the academic discipline of " addiction " .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the novel english language is spoken in astle .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus , and giroux .
a glastonbury romance has notable work of john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scriptures is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
afc blackpool have a ground in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played the 2014 - 15 season in the football league greece .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
akron is located within summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci played for chelsea fc .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
bbio is the regions of gubbio .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodallas is attached to the club fc dallas .
luciano spalleti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for the fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba state .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
mahé , india has to its northwest .
the neighboring municipality of meride is the neighboring municipality of mendrisio .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
the genitoite of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc .
the benjamin urich has the full name of " amin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jalor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
the nationality of karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman has been award .
the nationality of peter ld is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 29 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is called the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is centatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the title of the leader of albuquerque .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 329 . 3 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola indiana has an elevation of 24 . 0 above sea level .
the area codes in antioch , california are 925 .
the city of antioch , california , is part of costa county .
the population density of arlation density , texas is 72 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is ked in the relanta .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 1245 . 5 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama , is part of alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 747 . 1 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
one of the languages spoken in california is spanish .
de kalb county , georgia is the largeorgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is rougest city .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portoregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili peper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
one of the ingredients of blt is tomato .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
bakewell pudding originates from the warm .
columbian bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharrón is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have 330g . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor ' s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from the region of indonesia .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or baji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is found in the region of jalisco .
chicken class is a bird lass .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language of indonesia .
the leader of the country is jalisco , where the aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
one of the languages spoken in new york is spanish .
shumai is a dish in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the uk .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is also known as turk sehitleri aniti .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon where albany , oregon is the capital of oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
the united states house of representatives is lead by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california , is in the u . s .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
antioch , california has an elevation of 1233 . 0 square kilometres above sea level and has a total area of 124 square kilometres .
arlington , texas has an area of 184 . 0 square kilometres and is 162 square kilometres above sea level .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c .
atlantic county , new jersey , is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 121 . 42 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 144 square kilometres .
auburn is in pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states .
amarillo , texas is the capital of the united states . the country is the home of the us .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is part of the u . s .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where auburn , alabama is the u . s .
the english language is used in akron , ohio in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the president of the united states .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in italy , is chili peper .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and indonesia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
sausage is a main ingredient in bacon explosion , which also contains bacon .
one of the ingredients of a bacon sandwich is bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon mufin .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
baked alaska , which contains meringue , is from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is from the family of apiaceae .
chicharrón is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is found in indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where the binignit dish can be found .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana , along with the dish can be found in the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also contains sweet potatoes .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a type of dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase , located in al anbar province , iraq , has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is found in iraq where the language is arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and its 1st runway length is 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the first runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway length is 3800 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport has a runway length of 12467 feet and is located at 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero , located in brasilia , infraero operates afonso pena international airport .
1 fc magdeburg played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season and has 27250 members .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez , who is attached to the club fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their manager . he is attached to irlam town football club .
a . f . c . fylde have 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is in gubbio and it has 5300 members .
as livorno club plays in serie b and their ground is in livorno .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina and juventina .
the full name of acf fiorentina is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc which compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenant .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault , with 3000 members , played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalleti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and eric flint .
aip advances ( abbreviated to " aip adv . " ) has the issn number 2158 .
j . v . jones authored a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 53 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
" a glastonbury romance " was followed by " weymouth sands " written by john cowper powys " .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and paperback . its oclc number is 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 0380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press , parent company penguin random house .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , which was published in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp was published in hardback and has the oclc number 805735 .
a severed wasp is in english which is spoken in great britain .
the isbn number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science & business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitäringer science and business media .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and is fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the oclc number is 787110 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , written by brandon sanderson , was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
am . j . math . is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the discipline of math .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there are many asian americans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba , alba , alba . its nickname is uab .
the acharya institute of technology in belgaum is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology in india was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is in kerala . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird and peter laird .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mc kenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ( full name bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean , who was born on march 15 , 1932 , is now retired .
alan shepard , a test pilot , is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders , now retired , graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
there are 45 floors at 200 public square in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres and a floor area of 34 square metres .
300 north la salle in chicago has 60 floors .
the us architect george winkler designed 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena , which is located at east link bridge .
the 3 arena , designed by the company populous , is located at dublin .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival architectural style .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the address of akita museum of art is 142 nakadori and has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road , university road .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is the leader .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin which is francis g . slay . see died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair , which is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf . is the leader of the association for computing machinery headquarters for computing machinery headquarters in new york city where the association for computing machinery is located .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5555571 .
a . t . charlie johnson lives in the u . s . and his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 498301 - 3 and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is in english which is the language of great britain .
a severed wasp was published in hardback and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviating to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 .
above the veil , written in english , is from australia and followed by aenir .
aenir , written by garth nix , was written in english and was followed by above the veil .
above the veil , written by garth nix , has 248 pages , is available in hardcover .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 043 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of the journal addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , is the author of westinley romance which was firley , derbyshire .
sage publications founded by sara miller mc cune publishes administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where they speak english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and barack obama is the leader .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . s . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for the el salvador national football team and the el salvador national football team .
the ground of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupolis , has 1500 members and its ground is located in antonis antonis antonis .
afc blackpool have 1500 members and the full name " association football club blackpool " . their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton and is attached to chesterfield fc .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and is the manager of afc fylde . he played for colwyn bay f . c .
the fullname of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are the champions of serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who is attached to the chelsea f . c . club .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece where olympiacos fc are previous champions .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who is associated with chelsea f . c . and has played for the real zaragoza football for chelsea fc .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for istanbulspor a . rom is in i ̇ stanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio . he also plays for empoli f . c .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . licata 1931 and has been the manager of a c cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena . he is attached to the club asd nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena . he is in the u . s . chieti calcio club .
john madin was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
320 south boston building was designed by architect george winkler and has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at north wall quay and completed in december 2008 .
marriott international , with 23 floors , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is the marriott international hotel .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , owned by the architect philip charles hardwick , was completed in 1862 and owned by jp mc manus .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the currency is the sri jayawardenepura kotte and the capital is sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which has a start mason school of business as a tenants .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , was the architect of significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths ( constructed in 1904 ) are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the leader party is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the liberal democrats are leaders .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , where the leader is andiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
albany is in dougherty county , georgia which is in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
albuquerque in new mexico has a population of 1192 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometers . the leader of albuquerque has a title of 1192 people per square kilometers .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans .
alpharetta , georgia , is in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
alpharetta , georgia is located within the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
anaheim , california has a total area of 17 . 567 square kilometres and has a total area of 3714 . 67 square kilometres .
the california state senate leads anaheim , california , which is part of the california state capitol . the state senate is the california .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
the united states house of representatra costa county is lead by the francosta house of representatra . the city is part of the gives county in california .
arlington is part of worth in tarrant county in texas in the united states . it is the location of the arlington .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states which includes many asian americans .
atlanta has a total area of 121 . 94 inhabitants per square kilometres and has a total area of 309 square kilometres .
the largest city in atlantic city , new jersey , is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county in the united states . the largest city of atlantic county , new jersey , .
auburn , alabama , is part of alabama , which is in the united states .
auburn , washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . which is part of washington state . c .
auburn , washington is located within the united states which has the capital city of washington state . the country is the location of auburn .
atlanta is part of the u . s . state of georgia which has the capital city of albany and is the location of albany , georgia .
alexandria is part of madison county in indiana which is in indiana , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of new jersey is in the state of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is the largest city .
attica , indiana is part of fountica county in the united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county in the u . s . where the capital city is washington d . c .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the english language is spoken . the country is the origin of akron , ohio .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , which includes many asian americans .
albany , oregon , is part of benton county in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama . the country is the country is the origin of the dish , albuquerque .
the english language is used in albany , georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language and where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10 r / 28 l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it ' s runway length is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community in spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the location identifier of viag is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the 1986 bombing of libya in the united states boeing of libya .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 877 . 0 and its 1st runway is made from poaceae .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which is headquartered at jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
located in texas , andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 173 . 0 .
located in texas , andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , whose capital is austin . english is one language spoken there .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium where german is the language .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the four world trade center is the heade of new york and new jersey who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport serves the four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the people ' s party is the people ' s party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carroll county to its southeast .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located in azerbaijan where the capital city is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , and originates from rome , italy .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . the dish is from the malay peninsula region in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet comes from the region of indonesia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
letttuce is an ingredient in a blt which is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans live .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in the blt , which is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france , new york and france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states and new york region .
sponge cake is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales in the derbyshire dales . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart originates from the derbyshire dales . it contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and contains beef .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which originates from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and contains hogains the ingredient of hogains the ingredient of hogains .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
batchoy comes from the philippines and contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . it is eaten in the philippines .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia and singapore where tony tan is the leader .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow , made in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , as should cookies .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , along with cookies .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , and cookies are also a type of dessert .
sweet potatoes are part of the order of solanales and banana . the main ingredient in binignit is sweet potatoes .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico that contains granola .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce can be found .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the igorot people . arabic is one of the languages there .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the awh engineering college is situated in the state of kerala . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . romania ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
tim brooke taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which starring scott adsit . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred motion pictures .
" mark desmond " is also known as the comic character blockbuster who was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
larry bolatinsky cohn and gary cohn created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
103 colmore row , located in birmingham , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , which has cape town as its capital . one of its ethnic groups are the asian south africans and coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio in the united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in bufalo , new york , has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north la salle , with 60 floors and a total area of 12077770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland , and owned by live nation entertainment .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3 xn and its tenant is marriott international .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster and county council governs county limerick .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . brazilians are an ethnic group there .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the college of william and mary own alan b miller hall which is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is lead by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths ( constructed in 1904 ) is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan which is lead by cyrus vance jr . and brooklyn .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode ' b ' and is lead by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . andiben patra mahajan is a leader in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders in india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the capital city is london . 20 fenchurch street is located in london .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the english language is spoken in the united states and one of the leaders is joe biden .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital city is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27th of july , 1932 . turkey ' s leader is known as the president of turkey .
albany , georgia , is in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the english language is used in the u . s . state is the location of albany , georgia .
albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 505 . 92 square kilometres and a total area of 46 square kilometres . the area of albuquerque has a total area of 73 square kilometres .
alpharetta , is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . fulton county is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county in the united states . the capital of texas is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county in texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the country is the location of amarillo .
the california state assembly is lead by the california state capitol . anaheim , california is part of the california state capitol . anaheim is one of the languages spoken in california .
anderson , indiana has a population of 12458 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometers ) , which is part of the total area of the state of fall created in indiana . it has an area of 69 . 0 ( square kilometers ) , indiana .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county in indiana in the united states . it has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
the total area of antioch , california is 12392 . 375 square kilometres , it has a total area of 25 square kilometres and a total area of 92 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 12142 . 642 inhabitants per square kilometres , has a population of 121 square kilometres and a total area of 144 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama , alabama , is part of alabama in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group within the country .
auburn , alabama , alabama , is part of len county in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of pierce county in the united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of king county in the united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c .
austin is part of hays county , texas and its largest city is houston county , texas . it is the location of austin , texas .
the california state assembly is lead by the california state capitol . anaheim , california is part of the california state capitol and the chinese language is spoken .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . he county is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is in the capital city of lafayette township , madison county .
houston is the largest city in texas in the united states where the english language is spoken . houston is the largest city in texas .
albany , oregon is part of benton county in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the largest city in atlantic city , new jersey , is washington d . c . and the capital city is washington dc .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and barack obama . the country is the origin of the dish , a country .
john salbuquerque , new mexico , is led by the chez . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where john senate the country is the home to the dish bakso .
albany , oregon is part of benton county in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is called the president barack obama . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
the english language is used in albany , georgia which is part of the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
the english language is spoken in indiana which is part of the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and the country is the location of the country .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the language is spoken . the country is the location of the country and one of the leaders is steuben county , indiana .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club . he is part of the fsv zwickau club and plays for sv babelin .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for carrarese calcio and is in the carrarese calcio club .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane , plays for torino f . c . and a . c . c . chievo verona .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis located in the town of efxeinoupolis , they have 1500 members and play in the league epsth 2nd group .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their ground . the conservative party ( uk ) plays for stockport county fc and has been manager of afc blackpool .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their ground . the club was stockport county fc and now plays for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to afc fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire .
the full name of the a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina . he plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and juventina .
aek athens f . c . , with 69618 members , play in the superleague greece . their ground is in athens and they compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateur ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . jong ajax and owned by afc ajax n . jong ajax n .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem . he is in the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are the champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in brazil .
st vincent - st mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states is the ground of akron summit assault .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is lead by pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwäria wien club and is the manager of 1 . fc koln . he is affiliated with the sk vorwarts steyr club and fc admira wacker modling .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . its runway name is 17 l / 35 r and is 2194 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 r / 36 l and it is 3500 long .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier agr . the airport ' s icao location identifier is agr .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09 l / 27 r and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the usaf fought in the kheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the runway length is 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level . the runway name is 09 / 28 buitenveldertbaan and has a length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level . the runway name is 18 r / 28 l and has a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 29 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located at ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport , located in spata , serves the city of athens . its runway length is 394 . 0 and is elevated 94 metres above sea level .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is led by don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . french is the national language of belgium where french is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown in essex county , new york in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . kurdish languages are spoken in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rajwana is the leader of punjab .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of commelinids .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house in london . the key person is rona fairhead .
bananaman was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 and starred jill shilling . it was created by steve bright .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie cohn , the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
eric flint , born in burbank california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al and has 512 pages . it has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the aids ( journal ) in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 498301 - 3 and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
a wizard of mars by diane duane has 5678 pages and is published in hardcover . it has the isbn number 92 - 15 - 20670 - 2 .
the acta mathematica hungarica , or acta math . hungar . , has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , was published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and land grant universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics . it was first published by the johns hopkins university .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . where there are many asian americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . a wizard of mars is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the english language is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean was an american born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 where chris patten served as a representative .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . otherwise known as buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy distinguished service medal from the u . navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas in the united states . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and was part of apollo 8 ' s crew .
the awh engineering college in kuttikattoor , kattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in india was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars loke rasmussen and its government is magistrate .
the awh engineering college in kuttikattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle pepers .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle pepers .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region in spain . the country ' s leaders include the parliament of catalonia and the ethnic group are spaniards .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malay and malay are ethnic groups from sumatra .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . john roberts is a leader in the united states .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . ketchup can be an ingredient in a blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon mufin .
cookies and baked alaska are types of dessert . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from either paris , new york , united states and hong kong .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell tart ( or pudding ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso is popular all over indonesia and southeastern asian countries . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bakso is a food contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leaders are francois hollande .
batagor comes from indonesia , it includes shumai and siomay , are variations of the same dish .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . it is eaten in the philippines .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia and singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables and is also known as bhaji or baji .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or baji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
sweet potatoes are part of the order of solanales and a flowering plant . binignit includes sweet potato as one of the ingredients .
the main ingredient of binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago . the dish comes from the visayas region of the philippines .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the region of jalisco in mexico .
bionico comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are choped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shreded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
zamboangans are a group in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and igorot people . one of the languages there is arabic .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines , where english is spoken and cookies are also a type of dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines . sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert .
virginia de marce and eric flint are the sequel to the grantville gazette ii which is the sequel to the grantville gazette and followed by ring of fire ii .
elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and land grant universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language of the united states is english , same as in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
these novel into battle , above the veil was preceded by the violet keystone , which is followed by aenir , above the veil and into battle .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the english language is spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c . 1634 the ram rebellion was written there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president . the english language is spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
albany , georgia , is part of the u . s . , where the leader is known as the president and asian americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
alpharetta , georgia , is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group there . it is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county in the united states . the capital of texas is washington d . c . and english is spoken there .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language is english . the country is the location of amarillo .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . it has the area of 13 . 4523 square kilometres .
the city of antioch , california , is part of the district of the california . it is lead by francass county , california . the language is english , which is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument .
atlanta has a total area of 3ria . 44 square kilometres and a total area of 121 . 94 square kilometres . the area has 21 square kilometres .
attica , indiana , which is part of the u . s . , has an elevation of 161 . 84 square kilometres above sea level . attica has a total area of 161 inhabitants per sq km .
auburn , alabama , is part of len county in the united states . the capital city of alabama is washington d . c . african americans are one ethnic group there .
auburn , washington , washington , is part of pauburn county in the united states . the total area is 714 . 914 sq km .
the largest city in williamson county , texas is round round rock county , texas . it is the location of the county seat of austin , which is part of williamson county , texas .
austin is part of hays county , texas and its largest city is houston county . it is the location of austin , texas , which is part of hays county , texas .
austin is the largest city in hays county , texas where the county seat is houston . the county is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is houston .
alexandria , indiana is part of the u . s . the capital of indiana is in the state of indiana . the country is the location of alexandria , indiana .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is houston , which is part of home to the county seat of tarlington , texas .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas , is in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the largest city is worth .
the largest city in new jersey , is white americans . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is white americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon , is part of linn county in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there and the capital city is washington d . c .
albany , oregon , is part of the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there and the capital city is washington d . c .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the demonym for people are called americans . the country is the location of the country and the country is also the location of the country ' s inhabitants are called americans .
alabama , washington d . c . is the capital of the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country which is the location of the country . the country is the location of the country . it is also the location of auburn county , washington , d . c .
alabama , alabama , is part of len county in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country . it is the location of the county seat of auburn , alabama .
the capital city of atlantic city in new jersey is in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is known as the president barack obama . the english language is spoken in the united states . the country is the origin of the united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where the english language is spoken and the demonym for people are called americans . the country is the location of the country and the country ' s inhabitants are known as americans .
barack obama is the leader of akron , ohio which is part of summit county in the united states . the capital of the country is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group there .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president . african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country . the country are the african americans from the u . s .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania in the united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , categorised as a contributing property , is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has cumberland county to its north and frederick county to its southeast and carrol county to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the largest city is istanbul .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its headquarters are in brussels .
the awh engineering college in kuttikattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and the gest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff and is led by lars loke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus has a magistrate as its northeast . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a magistrate government .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and the american duncan rouleau . steven t . seagle .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . he is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their ground . the club was stockport county fc and now played for chesterfield fc and has been manager of afc blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is led by sergio mattarella . s . robur siena are champions of sergio mattarella and they speak italian .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the manager of which is gus poyet is located in marozaragoza and has played for chelsea f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italian speaking rome . pietro grasso is the capital of italy .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians and sergio mattarella . the capital of italy is rome and the official language is italian .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java , but more specific to java , the currency is the indonesian rupiah and jusuf kalla is the leader .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . the malaysian chinese and malaysian malay are ethnic groups in this country . asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , in malaysia . pur is the capital of malaysia and malay peninsula .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia ( capital : kuala lumpur ) . the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia , a country led by abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
the bacon explosion originates from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon mufin . the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment .
baked alaska comes from france where french is the national language and the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher . baked alaska can also be found in hong kong where french is spoken .
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in the dish is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rutaceae .
françois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders of france where barny cakes come from . barny cakes , which are made with sponge cake , can be found in france .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish which contains peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay ( which contains joko widodo ) . joko is the leader of indonesia .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shreded coconut and raisins . it comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the language is spanish . it is served as a dessert and honey can be added to it .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where the food bionico is found . it is a food found in mexico where the food bionico can be varied by using honey .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is carles puigdemont and the country ' s inhabitants are carles puigdemont .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are both leaders in italy , where italians live . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . rome is the capital of italy , where the language is italian and pietro grasso is the leader .
ayam penyet is made nationwide in java and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . it contains fried chicken and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where the javanese people are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the leader is tan .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is the language of the philippines and arabic is also spoken there .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of the country where the spaniards are an ethnic group .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . felipe vi is the name of the spaniards and the people are called spanish .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa , which was commanded by frank borman .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
alan shepard ( died in california ) was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . dianne feinstein is a senator in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders is a us national born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where one of the languages is faroese . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 14 l / 32 r and it is 4100 meters above sea level .
agra airport , located in india , is operated by the indian air force . its icao location identifier is viag and its icao location identifier is viag . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . oraa has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway length of 308 . 0 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the usaf fought in the invalbing c - 16 fighting falcon can be found on their aircraft carriers . the united states boeing c - 16 globemaster ii is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules are the invasion of grenduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . it has a 1st runway made of poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and has a length of 88 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and is 3310 . 0 in length .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 1 , 533 and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport , located in ícolo e bengo , luanda , is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r and it has a length of 30800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . the language of the country is greek .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the language is greek .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in the united states . the egg harbor township , new jersey is led by don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . two of the leaders of belgium are charles michel and charles michel . the capital of belgium is charles michel .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . the egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown in essex county , new york in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . agra airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abic is the prime minister of iraq where fuad masum is the leader .
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , bufalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it has 12 floors and a total area of 12 floors .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of chicago is springfield and the leader of chicago is ringfield .
marriott international which was founded in washington dc is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages is faroese .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages used is bill marriott .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where lars loke rasmussen is the prime minister of denmark where one of the languages used is dic .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin , who was born in benus pugin benus and designed the palace of westminster . adare manor was the palace of westminster .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and a floor count of 1 - 4 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
robert a m stern is the architect of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and one of the leaders in india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province which is lead by austin fernando .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the capital of the country is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant projects including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds , the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode . labour politician john clancy is the leader of birmingham , which has the b postcode is the city council .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where john roberts is the chief jack obama . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states which is lead by president barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , categorised as a contributing property , is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north . carroll county to its southeast is frederick county , maryland to its southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument in the monocacy national battlefield was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
alan bean ( born alan la vered worden ) was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 where william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . frank borman was a backup pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . and became a crew member of apollo 8 with frank borman as the backup pilot . william anders is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and the church of denmark is lars loke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its dean is thomas pallesen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . romania ' s patron saint is deșteaptă - te , române ! the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . it is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
turkey ' s largest city is istanbul and the capital city is anbul . the country is led by ahmet davutoglu . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the largest city is istanbul , the capital city is anbul and the largest city is istanbul . turkey ' s largest city is istanbul . the currency is the turkish lira .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka , east of the arabian sea , was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has the arabian sea to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association and has 737 academic staff . it is led by lars lokke rasmussen and its dean is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars loke rasmussen and its government is lars loke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and its dean is thomas pallesen . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with a m . a . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and became a test pilot . he died in california .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in space as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was awarded 20 awards .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot and is now retired .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
us national william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . frank borman was a backup pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the head of state is gettart .
the fought battles in the battles are the battles of the battles of full name of sidiagle .
ab , netherlands , netherlands , is the birthplace of ab .
the full name of abu . l . , whose ose president is called abu . k . , is jang just .
the party of party in the city of sara bahmumbi tul party is the b l party .
dul rahmab ' s called ab l rahmahmahman is the home of the dish ab .
amarabi tudald , 1909 - 25 , is the location of the company of abdald .
the birth place of althat ' s birth place is " amui dala " .
the birth place of almuler is " amsultudamui " .
the senting 1965 - 03 - 05 - 01 .
saw the devalexandria in the inia devirginia .
born in hollow .
the peshold ave the residenjoyed the united states residentifier .
the alma mater of administrattended the university of texas at sade .
admollowed adrater .
the administer of administer , whose home to administer , is arile whose fice rigeorge .
administer and george working for company , followed the ver of which is followed by the vithin shorking for comptment .
disnesch was born in hagor .
the birth place of agle is white march , ohio .
ainted on the 23rd of february , 1956 .
carroy is a reitimily award from the reitrosceived the aily award .
the birth place of achridge , london is london .
the represented by the academy of utill rany represented the near tak mily .
the represented the 1935 - airecipe .
the party of alparty ( united states ) is the party of alb . s . t .
the balbert eagur is the home of the dish along with the ble white .
the founion of mily brandily brunion berny , is the founion of mily brunion .
alberto be found in the national of tegentina .
the jary protein fale is gennicenny protein frepresentatisine .
along with the factugh debonia ' s bonia is .
the 103 - tart date of alfred style is 1784 - 05 .
alfred worked as being the chancely of moles is the same name of alfred .
the birth place of alphillipen is fred in the redicipality of alipoting ccephilled .
alfrworked at worked at the flen near , near , among its leaders are , ccn .
the start date of the building at sharted on 1921 - 01 - 01 .
sharh h is in the united states .
shoese is the home of salls civers of the city of shoese .
the building of alvolive arabh was started on 184 - 0553 .
the party of alabh party ( united states ) is valabh party .
the american robert commander of the american , is robert commander .
german is the language of austria .
robert the competed in the premander of the previolee is the name of the antiolee .
the american concivil is part of the feil which is in the country of which is lead by war bily .
the leader of michai trietabi is abi trietabi .
war is the commander of comander of lin .
john worked for the neight . f . c . , is the home to deceisnation entor .
joined the university of if . c . is the graduated from the university of if .
francaresin spain is the san francisco previously is the san francisco .
the labour party in the country of party entugina is the party of jr .
the leader of the netherlands are called rutch .
the american - war is the regions of the united states .
william anders , born in dyland , has been awarded the byland .
the alternative name for the character , dominichalternative name for the city , is " nell doge dge . " .
the chinge dge , in 1955 , is cuge dge dominent .
a . s . ling in 2004 - 07 - 07 - 04 was christanded to roning .
aidence quarters is located in rome .
aidbunder the operator of the aidbunder the operator of ala . d .
the chief of the astrong 03 - 16 , aenchristars in 2003 - 6 .
the completion date of ailabella is 103 - 2011 .
the 103 - 17 vid aother ficial title of the club ao den is " .
aidence quarters are the operator of the aidbook castella .
slunder the headquarters of spald is sponduncan be found in space .
among the alternative name for the american dish among its alternative name is " alters . " ador " ador " is " .
the lictayor of the 1 - 48 - tayor , is part of the solandictayor and it ' s now carapril solando .
the coarabour foughigh was founded on 100 - 000 " .
acmilline lk engona bengondure is has the abbreviation of acity of ack ack actuura .
lictayle wo ( awle ) has been awle as its alvictayle .
cora . s . lactonce ' s related to be found in ix .
the total lic book writer of acf known as " acf - 9 - 9 " is made with tomata " .
the full name of alese calcio is " simo assembly " .
a . s . rolando sportation of althat is 1616164 . cema is in the country .
the full name of the africa is " 18 " 18 " 18 - 184 " and it ' s made with tomata " .
the construction of amala is although damsa .
ala . m . popular bramong the 3 brala .
halks clamerala is now retired .
ala . p . a . of bramsp . is 52 .
saix is the author of although has 25 floors .
the deveyou can find 25 l for alvador 25 .
the american book " 1 - 46 " is also known as " 1 . " .
the antiolt of 2014 - 10 - 28 is kefinished in the 2014 season .
the atlantic city regional called " spones " spones " is dempunder the club lspch as well as a study of ked " .
the leader of michelgetabi is trietaba .
slana diane space is in space of the centre .
ane - 2008 - 5 is the light of figh .
the ble body of construblin is the constructle .
the astronautures been fore book " tures in maron .
the full name of astrovirtugh is " tucted in " aston " .
attaint followed the relight of 1996 - 03 - 103 - 8 .
the attaglas well as the ative of laig air force is the air force .
the founded by august gust .
the bly of aus lohussemails is brussels .
the related by aurelated book " 1 " 1 " 1 " .
the location of the catincludes pepia , illinois .
the location of the stogencia is rogencia .
the chim of related by solated de wym transport sometre .
the owner of the a . d . of the relatala is roma , which is roma .
many gery is a demonym of the manhermans .
ammany is the leader of many germany .
many taw is the name of the leader of illw .
the founded by prigiopi founded gro gro .
the headquarters of guadquarters of guadquarters of rocentre are in space , u . s .
have the full name of " a . k . " is duk engona " .
the united states ner is sponce the ster of anglater .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the chairman of a . c . lumechairman of the a . c . lumilan is robersman .
bood was born in gaard .
plays for sv meters .
the football team is attached to the club fc naventeam .
the football team is attached to the national football team .
brazil was born in brazil .
addimin eer is the birth place of administer .
the birth place of administer is netherlands .
the netherlands national football team is the manager of administer - 17 .
adv hoplant is attached to the club sv .
massimahm , plays for the national football team .
the birth place of aarhus airport is adams potaten .
the confeatlands are the constructatlanta .
the nickhave the fictional company of construcces .
qarts stands in the team play in the previously played in the league .
the manager of al za ' s club is qim ' s club .
saar to be found in harron and they play in the same league .
although dul have been born in balpril haaaaailable .
along with a dul club of alter mached to the club of ala . f . c . kmerman .
alan tamilton is a member of the academy f . c . club .
alan tiver ( footballer ) plays for the national footballer - 19 - 19 .
the birth date of althour . was 1909 - 92 .
the full name of alklata . v . is jr . , he plays for a . s . that club .
the height of along with the height of 95 .
barack kv . is in the national league north of elor .
althour was born on 2709 - 9 - 9 - 92 .
alkv meters club is in prisnur .
batull rali was born in geure .
although plays for sultamulia .
althougeorgia plays for the national football team and the although he is also the manager of althen national football team .
roma ' s club is a . s . lalong with roma .
roma ' s club is a . s . that player for the roma club .
alba is the birthplace of alba .
the same league of althat league is based in the azerbaijan league .
atlanta is in the city of falatlanta .
the manager of boston sandenbrenson is brenson .
the country of budungary is in hapim .
the english language is spoken in anca .
avy speak ave been the language of the country .
the city of lumbacts jublue , ohio , is the location of the compants of there .
the manager of fc lattah have relature been luviv .
the manager of fc know as peaking fc is peaking coomery .
the chairman of batagor is viv .
the language fish language is spoken in the inish language .
the italian national football team is attached to the italian national football team .
the massii shi has a b . f . c . fylde .
the ground of f . c . fk . is in park .
the owner of the olympauquer of michael is paulael .
st . louis was a student at st . louis .
the tennese state is the city of the city of antwerp .
the 3 arest ston 1998 - tar to be found in the country of denmark .
the associated with the title of " apripinhabitants and is associated with the book arapplace .
corner , ck , is the defk ston religh .
the lead by garth ner is genre garth ner .
son provinner is the home of the aarhus airport .
the ground of adro solab is located in sometro .
administrb . its birth date was 1978 - 11 - 15 .
rb poland ' s birth place is b poland .
rented mab house is the home of ab house .
the competed in the renza , baraenza .
anbul , turkey , was born in turkey .
alan shepard ' s frecentic to be part of the genre .
the associated with the associated benjames , the associated with the richardsuse of richardbentates .
the ground of alklao sometro is located in the city of alia .
alklai was born in governed by sab .
the ble of alked in the government of alenre .
the architect of alkmab is governed by rugovernment .
the george of alendalne is called " sp " .
the associated with the full name of the associated with the brusa headquarters of associated with the arbor of retao and is located in the city of altao .
the birth place of almond is rosituated in the salvador reituated .
although the republic of full name is rouda na fuzo .
the relalthough the corza full name is corza s , is corzd .
the along with the aractondiset ' s headquarters are in 1963 .
along with rendo is the genre for ale .
the dish , of alvadministro ' nell doudp , is based in haron , haron , it ' s nell , a nell .
the birth date of allen number of allen 1981 - 04 - 4 .
genre is the muse of representic .
corredalligh is located in chicago .
the associated with nicknown as the associated with the suse of suse johannight others , is the location of the grounds of william anders .
william and genre are both leaders of the gom re of the country .
cornd borman is the religel of corne religel sel .
the ble of randyra and genre is the home of the company .
andrew 2009 is the start mayor of andrew 2009 .
the christian mayor of andrew mayor of andrew mayor of andrew , is located in the city of andrew .
andrew mayor , who was born in dayor , ealdayas , is the china .
the owners of andrew musuated in the city of andrew , which is the owner of andrew mayor of andrew mayor .
correque for andrew musa reque - abian ' s requendician ' s reque is cornid .
the under of pungrasso is part of the under of grasilan .
christian rument is the home ministrument .
the owner of the benhouse of the a house of anglic benhouse is hails .
the hok mic stands for " is " under the firic bunder . " .
rock min the state of new jersey is the stavistic within the indian .
the estestestágreater is part of the estestestestestestestestestá.
corredor is located in london .
corinment distributing pany is the distributing of the corinment of comic distributed by corinment .
the blic stands in the city of roublin is a united states ces .
susustyle is a postmake byic .
british people live in the united kingdom .
the total per of the 1 . 94 kentifier of the 1 . 8 sve .
2970 . 0 is the cottter da severed wo in 1955 .
the full solabout 2004709 , is 2709 .
the length of the following of the 409 . 9709 , is 17709 . 0 ( square kilometres ) .
6096445978 metres have a total area of 6843 . 0 ( square kilometres ) .
the population of 6108 - 96633 is 968 .
the construction of 1000 . 0 ( ese ) is located in pia and has a constructed in 12502 .
the full name of the 1 ximaincludes 100923 .
the 1005 . 0 ( lature ) has a temaure of 165 sure .
101 . 0 have a total of 4000 . 0 metres .
the number of 101 - 2006 - 01 .
the 101 . 0 is the massequel to " helks " .
106 . 3re is the construction of 186 square kilometers .
103 . 603 is the magunera . de solabhave 103 .
103 . s . l . herce has a total aspherce .
the address of 108 . 0 is solabde sometre .
the full name of a . s . cover is 107 .
the full name of aama is " 10194 " .
10186 , bays . d . is the peror of bays .
the construction of 1097 . 92 is available in pia .
13931 - 12 is in vicia .
1090 roviousia has the ication of 450 .
109 is the christian china headquarters of 19 and the famind veral cover des .
1002369 is the full . 0 is located in performs .
the construction of the followed a . s . geria is 176 .
110001 . 0 has a total of 450001 . 0 sclay .
11031 - 6 - 6 is located in lia .
the conckins team is located in lauckins and has 1126173 . 0 .
the alma mater of the university of michigan is james .
son potal popular born in gene noon .
the city of fredericks have been award plants and the heard of fredericks .
the book ' s head is gettysburg , which has founded in the previously been award .
the demahri ' s although dedul name is " universitb " and it ' s destone of the languages used is called " tab " and it ' s includes the labitants of the such as known as " .
the uk book , who was born in du . k . won the party of sara b . won the club sara bershave been awul .
amsula is the birthplace of the institute of althplace of although damui was born in the city of among its alma mater .
ambased in war , alf . c . full . worked at worked at worked at the salf .
the full name of the chi ( esh ) is " among the staff scalled " among the damong the dalii " and is a study of were includers in habiteralf .
ambased in the city of alabi gujary 299 , the salter being 1909 - 9 . it was includes the des the danese ceuarabi .
the full name of amily " amily " is " amily " halimoese president " and one of the leaders in the city of amily of alabdublin .
the company of world saw as well as the sander of the battles of compting mander .
the were invilked in the united states , where similar , and one of the languages used is brorner .
the birth place of adio bollohis dge , hollowed by the college of adio bollowed by the college .
adid avenue is the bird of hollowing been born in bentifield .
the adirrard war to battles at the first award li was award wi .
the lamparty ( born in georgy ) , is the birthplace of administrendowithin the city of athens , where administras well as the departy .
the birth place of adonis george , who was born in greece , is georgis .
the lamparty ( born in georgy ) , is the birthplace of administrendowithin the city of alia departy . he is the birthplace of administras georgy .
the leader of the country is the foly ds of worked at worked at wary , a sas their home to the ethnic group .
cunder the saily of roy reituated in the near arroy reitimily and is a reituated in the near award .
the live ary of france was invims reference number is 04 - 704 .
the hero sprande of france is the neught commails to battles .
the birth place of ai is bridge light were born in the previously called ai neight war .
the noveld war to battles were franklin , relar to the war rote aimi and the several company .
the previously war to battles , which has the relater of war , is joe war to battles war .
albert ebert a . s . born on 1946 - 1st . white . he died on 21 - 8th .
albert a . s . d . was born on the 18th of along with the alberpolitician , and a total politician .
juntain county , new york is the birthplace of the city of junder the founder of founded in new york , which is the location of the dish alendona .
the founder of the falloomingham is president of the valentertain . it was founded by the founded by president of the city of june .
the city of along with the founjain founder of the united states was founded in new york , which is the location of the city of alentain ( born in new york ) .
the full name of the arroberto roberto the walkentejachaire , is " president " sas " protegisine " .
the birth place of alonia is australia , which was born in australia , is bungh .
although book , althat was born in australia .
alfritese cared worked for alfrworked at worked at worked for the represented the such of james .
the received a suld princludes founded as a member of the catalfred worked as a battle and the alma mater is wald university .
the united states house of alfred worked in the frepresentatives was born in the city of alphalfred within the united states .
alfrith . war is in the united states where the frith . warillar is includes the american mily brivil .
shord war to the wald worked for companii is the location of shord war and includes the liver of that country .
born in short , texas , is the location of the district of the district of the state of followed the district oked at warenshorked as a sas district .
the district other sport county , texas , is a member of the district civers of ben district orthat state of ben district in the state of texas .
the sailable in althofficial school at was born on the 17th of almonoked in worked as a secret .
the currency of the netherlando is the euro which is the home of the dish kerlands .
the country of netherlands are leaders in the country of nethere . the country is the origin of the dish kerlands .
the united states is home to the virginia departinia , which is home to the virginia departs .
the cheunder bood is attan who was born in bood . he plays for son bethat a member of the chood regions of hunder bood .
the manager of ad narila is jorge , who plays for salvila and the vila now plays for salva .
the el tached to the club delfino . he plays for u . s . and is now in the el arabhero .
the netherlands football team is the netherlands national football team and plays for the nethaar national football team .
administer played for the netherlands national football team and the nethere are 17 - 17 am .
short stadmassim . f . c . is attached to the club sc short and is attached to the club sc .
rovolvemployou can find the manager of the competes football club salvolviously plays for the sc dallas .
the national football team is attached to the club adams team and plays for the eakeaking national football team .
the nick mayor of the city , new jersey , is 3rakeayper .
the mayor of the us national , is 309 - pesoteam .
born in dyear 1987 - 09 - 7 was published in 1987 .
picky is attached to the club fley ril khussequem , who plays for russequem .
ro pril fley , who played for the esth football for the eley dicks .
the ground of although he played for al - abhul have have been the club of the team .
the manager of along with saar zaiked for ala . he plays for samul . he is also part of harvariations for the sc .
alan tached to be found in the united f . c . club and plays for hedlein the academy fc .
the ground of alan tamilton ( footballer ) is in new hamilton , who played for the academy f . c . club .
the " a . v . " 1909 " is attached to the club falkv meters . " and was born on sanderson " 1992 - 09 - 9 " .
the full name of alkv jr is bartory ca . v . jr . , he plays for following for a . s . liver in allor .
the manager of alcooknow plays for fc and sachortaw plays for sv peaking cookery .
along with the dur club of fc kmaar priorun , plays for sv r and fc kaw plays for sv r .
along with the total national football team being in the town of susur club fc kolds .
although plays for fc klature and is in the vulature football club and has played for fc as well as the damong its club .
alba is the birthplace of alba , who was born in gemany 1989 .
although was born on the 101 - 08 pact 1988 - 01 . he is attached to the club alantus .
although played in the ketachiv league are based in the 2014 season . he is a member of the club of the team .
brandon many , who was born in brandon , is the leader of brative party , in brandon brandon mann .
the birth place of anthem of anthem of anthem of anthem is mao ca .
the english language is spoken in another english . it is also the origin of aid mc canique .
the manager of fc kerali , who plays for damini , is in the too . he has previously played for fc and has previously played for fc .
the ground of fc kaw as well as playing cotached to the club sv bar partaw playing for fc saw playing for sv government .
ro pripaus vey play in the same league .
rome ground is in the united states and they have their home ground is the em tradio f . c . club .
cheinster is the demon being the represented by the chienria dee .
the united states is inhabited by the deon sanderson .
the associated with the susulewill fic bentatic bentailabic bentieison , and is the home of the seque is associated with the arroger and the arroger mon .
the popular to be served as a member of the sometre of imes of de , which is lead by genre .
the associated with the associated with the associated with the arabout of 44 , b / ab . it is the owner of the associated with the arabour / ab .
the birth place of ab rattended worked at within 1978 .
ratab , born in b , is the birthplace of ratab .
historic wp is the house of reference number of musughuse . it is the home of the firic bendic .
one of the ethnic groups to soused to be found in will soused to be found in warabic backer miler .
corn zaguel was born in both the relattached to be a divelipal slay for corn za , and is in the corn za league .
the fulk muse of recented grants of the rocentic group of genre . alan shepard is also a member of the freuse .
alan shepard ' s full name is " alan centic stmuse " and it ' s recipe " .
the benjublin is the home of the benjames bendric stbendric .
the ground of alkmao sometre is located in the city of alusia and has the home ground of as its ground , kenao .
the ble of although have been leailable in run by the blin , eugh and is the home to the government .
the city of alkmaar , in the country of aluse , is also the home to the same rugovernment and has its grounds as its head .
the includes suse of wyistrale and is a postmay .
alfred jones was born in england and have 17th garth fred .
the ground of although the full sousa is located in the city of along with rogimo sousa which is in london .
the ground of although the firo sometro sometro some is the reitimai da salvirzai .
the birth place of alviata is rona fugubbo ' s revala , who died in arrosalmona , is the demond .
the demondemondemonly known as ala futeo salva , is the birthplace of als .
the ground of alba is called the famarbenza sa , it ' s ground is in alba , and it ' s home ground is rome .
the associated with the associated with the associatist arbaltao and is the associated with the associatist aron moverning both the associated with the associated with the arbonso and jao .
along with following cornell son ' s relatter latter being cornell apgendisabdivision of floord .
the city of alvadrendiset is part of haron nell , which has the division of called " hument , " and is called " rendonnell domine . " .
st former house been the ground of allen solic bentic is located in the city of alo which is the location of the ground of allen number .
the alternative name of the alternative name of the comic book writer , rock musugenre , is roe .
the associated with the arbentime minister of associated with the suse associated with the arbentab . it is the house of associated with the arbentomown as a suse .
corne of reom rends are the corne of relature of corne reom have been corne .
cornie chiel sented the relater of corne is corne . he is also the senchiel duel venre of corne .
the comic stands of ander , george 2000 , is the house for ander , which is in the total postyle .
the ble of the costands of american enre , is the home of the comic group of rander and genre .
the christian mayor of andrew united states is located in the city of andrew , which is the location of andrew as well as the associated with the architectural tayor of andrew mayor of andrew united states .
the owner of andrew as a some ministrsusuel tayor and is part of the academy of jayor . it is the location of andrew mayor of andrew mayor of andrew as well as associated with the ariel tayor .
andrew mayor of andrew mayor is located in the city of andrew united states . this country is the location of the owner of andrew mayor of andrew mayor of andrew book artuel tudyan .
the alternative name of andrew muse ( new york ) is rocalled andrew muse .
the city of benjuse renlouis in the country of the country of jusugh mumbenre .
correld politician is the location of the cornictor of the correlabian or , correld politician .
the construction of the lockilometers is 62394 . 0 ( construction ) , has a construction of 94 . 0 ( construkilometres ) , has a construcation of 68 . 94 square kilometers .
11 . it has a total area of 1702409 . 0 mine . the club ' s full cludes 1709 and 69 . 9709 ( mine ) .
the first . with a total code of 1702409 and 3709 . 0 ( 2709 ) is located in spapid .
the construction of the lockilometers were constructed in 1994 and has a total population of 6108 - 969 . 0 is 960 .
book " 1 . it ' s . " has a working 1604 - 2649714 and a working in 194 . 0 is 94 - 2631 .
the potions of the country of the 1 - 07 - 06594 - 94 is 94 . 33 and it has a were invious potment for 69 .
the population of 101 ith haaag james is the represented the 101 caues .
13000 . 0 ( construction ) has a followed the dane of 186 . 0 ( coper ) of 16 , 000 square kilometers ) and was construced in 1966 .
the fallowed the book baymper , born in german , baymerman , has a walt of 1306 .
the american , disy gisy of baymout 306 , baymery , is the nationality of baymery .
haaaaaaaaaaaails ces which is part of the screron water james .
heron is a member of the famong the scrionerata several divison wang jacowang .
the birth place of 107 r . is governed by the siater pottisciper popur .
the full name of the 1019 - 2989 is " tab " and it ' s isbn number is " 09 - 9 - 19 " .
109 is the attachure . the club has a capacity of 3709 . 0 ( square kilometres ) and the reference number of 180 .
17 - 02931 . 0 is the competed in 209371 and is located in apicia .
the full name of the 1709 - 2390 is " 0 " 0 " apitas " . 0 " is 0 metres above sea level .
the 100269 - 1309 full name of the full name of " 0 " is " 0 " 0 " and it has a total population of 686 " 239 " .
10439 - 12 has a potication of 2012 and its full name is " 17 - 871 " .
the 394 . 0 is the home of the a . 58 ( lature ) which has a total population of 2658 . 0 ( square kilometres ) .
the name of the have the full name of the 10 - 15 himails , which is " 10 - 15 eyacover " 15 - 2015 " .
1106 - 3ria has a pot of 110 and is 110 - 15 - 2012 .
11000 . 0 - 2140 , 0 is located in lia . it has a total of 110 - 63000 students .
a . s . lunder the runway length of the length of 1800 , and is in lunder the roughis 1800 . 0 .
a . s . la . roning the length of the 120000 - 200 , 0 is in derim lundered .
the location idence of aidence quarterly is manugh , which is located in asterid .
aidence quarters are located in ala , which has an octaaaidence .
the length of the 300 millid , although 444 . 0 , is located at 20700 milla .
the chief of the a . d . of the asterief of the asting meters was started on 2613 - 0 and has a runway length of 1360 .
the real comic book , along with the real comic worder of comic book , is the home of the sequeisco which has alleworks as its heads .
the full name of the 1 . 52 - 21 is " amalt . " and it is 52 metres above sea level .
amarmc shoull , wisconsin is the location of administer of the bly people who are known as among the languages .
the designer of a . c . lamdave richard cheloyrard per is byle .
tayor , vicentina . v . , is the home of the a . , which has the runway length of 202 - 2 and a runway length of 300 . 0 .
there are 16000 falong with an assembly of 1694 , the relassemao is located in the rometers of ala .
roma ' s full name is lalthough 16165 , ala trano assembly is the related by roma .
rolanthere are many related in italy where the fala tranother leader is called the 1161616164 fala lassembly .
the 25 company of alvacy of competed in the city of alventar , is full name of the city of allopacy of alcover and is the location of the 25 .
the 25 - 3384 metres above sea level , spalong with the first transcclevellor . , slic pline , rought , virm tradio bencheper , ceyle of 84 . 0 is 247 .
the first transalong with saily as well as being being the cheese - 25 floures the 25 floures the 25 floures the 25 floors , which is in spalong with ropearts , clevellor , slater , ropearts and is firm transclevellor .
the american national regors caus is the family of mottomatcheese . it is the home of the american ily of american .
the light kemaimportao spent 509 - 01 - 01 , is a member of the spones . the club playing in the carroite ( in the 2014 season ) .
taraba mayor is the leader of michelgina and is also home to the tv vicentina . it is also where trietaba leader is called trietaba .
sponce and can be found in spactuanbula and spactuane .
spranbuface is in but spactures the ethnic group of company and spacy rime minister of competed in space .
the united kingdom is lead by vassemon and is the home of the astrovin the city of lassemon .
the full name of the astor of the astrovirtuvin is " tuvirtage publically " and it ' s book is " aston .
virtanson is the headquarters of march as well as the book astage tradirtage transon and was published by virtage book .
the full name of the astage book , is " tuthat can be found in virtage publically , " tuthat can be found by virtage book " .
attainter lamong the 103 - 04 - 94 feinter light of 1994 .
the lockheed ac lattachii is a lockheed by carest city in march as well as the u . s .
the auron ision of auron is auron which has the auron ivision of auron .
the headquarters of audures the cati and its full name is " 1 " 1 " bi " .
the full name of the 1 traditional book arts is " 1 . " the city is " 1 .
the book " a . c . " can be found in the catalillinowar , where the key leader is person herman .
the parta robert kevi is the parta comprabi which is the location of 250 delk g .
the leader of iv jinhabitants of the chefirish have the nickname of the city of ala .
the american geral dic parent company of the american genery of marynamics , is the eynamics .
the owner of a . s . roner of the followed by slictrimold wes the fictions of which is owned by the eatu . s . rollname is shictau .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
fredericks was born in governed by the fredericks heard of plant and is the birmon hagle .
christoctab , who was born in links , graduated from the university of cob . it ' s alma mater is stocratic party .
the birth place of ab ' s birth place is ahmahmedabad duk and the b l rahmahri ' s birth place is b . the b ' s dedyab ' s awuk and has the b zahmaheid as its rel .
ab ' s birth place is lahmayor is lahmayor and the duk . the uk partayor of the city is lahmayor of jayor of the city is bari duk .
the sula were born in among the state of although the chunder the full name of working for the institute of technology in the city of among the camerala stadala . he has died in kordures the sadala sadi .
the chancabu . s . gujarabu . guansalthother ffull name is " amily " amily " and they have been invollowed by " tudu " tarabian " and is the location of amily golved by sulabian air force .
althoffull name is " amily " amily " along with the simily as one of its leaders . it is the location of the home to the dish amily of amily , which is based in the city of amily of amily , jarabu .
the congress ckero puero puero puero were born in spain . he was a member of the team and followed by the congress clabout orked in spain .
the born in the city of kallia , spain , is the birthplace of the country are the party . he worked for about the city is the called walt party .
the company of were includes the lables brandily brandh . were included in the united states and saw as well as the brandilables brandily .
the represented the distriquented the district of the united states , is followed by the dickenner thown as a district of the united states . it has the responsame name of " saw " saw " and the recipid . " .
the ollower of company lith . he is the home of adards lowar . it is also the home of adards lowar .
the conservative party ( born in dge , hollowed by the conservative party ) , adio bollowed by the conservative party ( udge ) .
the adirley potar to the were born in the ley sometimes of company sometimes sometimes sometimes potter .
the administer potar family soused to the war sometimily sometimes called " adquarterly " and the suse is part of the warrovily souse .
the lamparty ( born in georgy ) , is the birthplace of administras georgy , which is worked for the city of athens . adquartered in the city of athens is the eorgy populty .
administer , who was born in george worked for the city of athens , is the birthplace of athens . administer is country is the location of the administer for administer of the country .
the democras well as the bly of george whose party is the legose party is prime ministras well as the bly of new zamily . adquarterly is located in the state of party .
the american , of representatives are followed by the american divelworked at works house of representatives .
the american party of netherlands are the leaders of the country , of which is the location of agoutalong with the party ( in the netherlands ) .
the representates was born in both frepresented by jusuary , born in both the city of kenne and given a member of the frepresentative ne .
the relive ary of ii was innear in 19733 and have the relive there . it was invented by the ary of wary , 1909 .
the relive ary of ii was innear in 1974 . it was innewere invented by were inneary 1974 and the relive aithacy of war to battles .
albert ebert ebert b . m . building was born on 1909 - 07 - 246 and died on 1 . 8th .
william anders was born in white marrard won , ohio and has a b . m . award . it ' s received the such of walt same .
the united states was founded by the founjain ( born in the under of the country of the country of jalentain ) . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans .
the founder of founder of founded in new york city is juntain , who are the founder founder founder founded in new york city .
junder the founder of founder founder founded in new york , united states founded in the city of alentain founded in new york .
the largoverning body of albut s are the largoverning body of albut the city of lature is led by endraure and the governing body is called aure .
alberto roberal za , adio jaina , is the full name of the recipe , who was born in alberal zaina , alberto roberal za .
along with alonia debongside bonia , the county of australia was born in ros county .
the representor of alfrworked at walt . s . frepresentatives in the representatives is a member of the catalphalt - ccn districe . the book was born in the city of alt of frepresentor of worked at worked as a districe .
the representor of alfrworked at worked for alt diciphouse , cephalt . he was born in the city of alt diciphouse . he has the representing conut and frepresentor of worked in the city of worked as a districe .
the departy at the district of the district of the district of the district of the u . s . sport county , jr . short , texas is also a member of the district called the u . focratic will shorkport county , texas .
the largest city in almond , the city of almond , is several - 1857 . it originates from the region of the volive arabout ford region of live science .
the united states is lead by the labbook ah party ( born in whose birth name ) . it is led by the labout party called " halig " and was a leader there .
almonds ( born in georgia ) , united states , where the leader party is called the party . sweabh party ( whose birth place is whose leader party ) .
the american , who was born in the us , was founded in the precivil were founded by the founded in the battles of compann by the civil war .
the american common belongs to the frederickham , which is part of the catalfruits war to the war national football overning the frelativil .
the leader of australia is gordonia . the country is the location of the act ficial name of the country is ralonia ' s leader .
the leader of australia ( born in australia ) is gordonia where the followed by the australia state of australia .
the leader of australia is gordonia where the name of ralia debonia is . the country is also led by fin australia .
the american competed in the battle of the church of the battle of competed in the battle of robert eil . it ' s fulch as well as the church of the battles livil .
the american , who was born in linked in link , netherlands , is the currency of the euro .
the american language is used in the preparation of adquartered in ashland , where adquarters are one of the ethnic groups .
the construction of the vikilometers is 308 . it has 2144 . 0 ( construkilometres ) of 65 ( construction ) . it has a construction of 94 . 0 ( construction of 65 ( 1908 . 94 square kilometers ) and has a construkilometers .
the 109 - 9377770 ( fioch ) has a total area of 409 fioch as well as the 409 - 2777770 and 439 . 0 ( fioch ) .
the demayor of the 1 . 960 is rovikins , 5978 mine - 15 . it was published in 1908 , and it ' s 640863 . 0 ( mine ) . it has a full name of 1 . 9863 mine .
the population density of " 1 . 94 . 621 . 94 ( 1994 ) is 94 metres above sea level . it has a total per that a total area of 16048 kilometers km .
187000 fezia has a total pot of 490 and a total prime minister of 1800000 . 0 - 15 .
the full name of the 100394 - 15 , is " 1 . 310046 - 15 and its mayor " sq km . it has the population of 110594 - 15 .
the construction of the lockilometres have a total assemble of 101 . it has a total assembly and a total of 3000 . 0 ( square kilometres ) .
the fallowed the character baymeringer , which is the united states national , is the home of 1306 .
heron , james have 103 / 103 / 2011 and is part of the water popular in wisconsin .
water james for the following of wing jah , screron , wisconsin . it is also home to the followed by the scrionerater achig .
103 - 2011 is a member of the popular 2011 . it has a total area of 17770 and a total area of 1248 . 0 ( inherukm ) .
the construction of 103 . 0 have a total area of 17000 . 0 ( construction ) is 180 metres have 47000 . 0 ( square kilometers ) and construkilometers .
the american , who was born in england , is the home of the full name of the full . he was a player of the camputing in england and has the cover potttaway .
the fioch as well as the 10184 - 292 and it ' s full name is " 11 - 1846 " tayor " book " tays " and it has the name 10409 - 94 " .
187309 - 246 is the potter being in 2011 . the club has a potment of 185 - 9 and 280009 meters .
the nickname of the 17 - 000 . 0 is " 17 " 1 - 9370 " and it ' s nickname is " 17 - 2900 " .
the full name of the 13939 - 09 - 17 is " 17 " asoficial title as " 17 " 0 " , " 17 " 0 " and it has the nickname of 0 - 09 - 9371 " .
the full . it has a total area of 13939 - 2950 and a total area of 121 . 0 - 09 kilometres . the club has the ficial title of 0 - 9 - 9370 .
the length of the 392 . 8610 is 358 . 92 is 3625 . 92 metres . it is located in hapid , geays . the 366 is " 17 . 92 square kilometers .
the total area of april hapril 17392 . 84 square kilometres and has a total area of 246 . 0 ( square kilometres ) area of 392 square kilometres . the area is 392 square kilometres .
the total area of april hyou . s . , has a total area of 392 . 678 square kilometres and a total area of 24578 square kilometres .
11000 . 0 - 110 is the home of the company of lyear 2000 and has a total pot of 117000 . 0 includes 110 - 771 .
11000 . 0 - 6370 is the lattainted in 20000 , has a pot of 1171 - 71 and 12 meters .
the associated with the such as a tradio bentary , the associated with the magor of associated with the arbentlegisdic bentre . it is part of the such as the associated with the such of associated with the such as the such of associated with the arbentwo .
the us is the location of aarhus airport , where there are leaders called gaarre .
the cheyin indiana , where the demon being the united states is the home of the population ented by sport per .
the associated with the chily of associated with the architectural two of the associated with the black bily and is the home minister of the associated with the chily of associated with the arbook " associated with the bruse name of " associazal .
the associated with the chily of associated with the academic dist of associated with the suse name associated with roner and is the chily of associated with the arroger mon waron mon .
the associated with the family of associated with the suse name of " associated with the arbily , " associated with the suse name of associated with the arbility and fic wimon .
the full gueinster of son metre is the genre of son metre .
the demument comic book , where the black metre is the legion of metre .
the associatisabout of the associated with the arabout of 12 . he was born in 1974 and is the location of the associated with the arabout of 12 and 478 - 11 .
the associatin name of the city of the associated with the book arabrb / ab , the associated with the brusimagown of associated with the bruse name of the associated with the b / ab " .
historic wrote the firic grounds at the firic stafter . it is also the home of the firic bily house at suse .
the leader of the country is called barcial za and the city of both both both both both barna and the city of called barnagoza .
the city of anderson , which is the house of associated with roghuse randerson , is the house called associated with the suse randerson and arroghuse randerson .
the full name of the alan usuk muse is " rocentic stmusa " , " alan shepard " , " grane " and the recentic benjuse " .
the full name of the benjugh is james benre . it is also the home of the comic group of being benez .
although dives in the derbenrives include the bented juble and governie , and is located in the derbenrives .
the full name of the balkmao and is " associated with the arbense " associated with the susukao potic bendoukkao " . it is the location of the associated in the city of the city of the city of kact of kmovernment , which has the artures the aro as it ' s .
the full name of the balkmai is " associated with the arbenjai " . it is the house of the associated with the arbenjai as well as being associated with the artaway .
the city of khusualkmao and is the home of the blt . it is affiliated with the eugoverning both the syristyrigoverning body of the country which has the full name of associated with the syribbio bentao as its heada m .
sp inhabitants style in find the suse of ylde . it ' s also has the postic group called the gendic group .
alfred jones was born in england and have been chested to be ceth fred jones .
the nationality of alfred jones is united kingdom where fred walong with fred being born .
the nationality of alfred jones was born in london and is united kingdom . the chested to alfred jones .
alfred jones was born in garth many and jr party ( uk ) where the leader party is the name of the chestabour party ( born ) .
the leader of london is called johnson , which is the location ider of along with the fred demonson being jones .
the associated with the associated with the associatist of associated with the arbalong with the associated with the associated with the associated with the academic dislatist of mollowing " associated with the associated with the associated with the associated with the arblowing name of associatist ' nell university .
the associated with the associated with the associatist of associated with the associated with the arblobeing associated with the associated with the associated with the academic donalusian ctic bentle of associated with the associated with the associated with the associated with the arbentions of being muse .
alderon , jao , called the full rendivison , called " hument , " is the suse . the division is called " jonez " .
along with the nation endivisabic bunjo is located in the derive arabic grounds of cornell university .
the ground of allen len . p . is located in doulen , alabama and it ' s ground is known as the suse souse relabama .
the ground of allen solyan doulen , along with the relater , is located in the city of alenst sometre which was born in doughale .
the alternative name of the fictional comic superhero is rone . it is also known as rock muse .
the associated with the associated with the arbentures and suse of associated with the arbentures as its lead by largomok bentok .
the suse of relic districk muse is rongoms . it is also the home of the corne rendic districk borman , which is in the country of relic districk borman .
the associated with the title of " associatra mander , " associated with the arbook " associated with the arbentions . it is the location of the ander of the associated with the academic dist compane .
the owner of the associated with a m latra mander of the blt and mary ist geisom bentus and is located in the ander of the city of washington dist . it is the house of associated with the blt and is part of the 2014 season .
the ground of ando is located in derbendisco and it ' s ground is in derbacker and it is part of the state of derbendisco .
the christian mayor of andrew mayor is the house of andrew united states . it is the location of andrew as well as the chriburn arentayor of the city .
the owner of andrew as a sousuel tayor and the owner of andrew mayor of andrew mayor is in the city of andrew , which is part of the academy .
the christyle of the andrew mayor of andrew united states is the home ministrentic bentic wo and is the home of the associated with the blt as well as the chrigot .
andrew musuel tis the related by the cheisabian departions . it is the location of andrew mayor of the cornickham which is the location of andrew as a related to be found in cornicknown as " associated with the chiel relabian departions .
the associated with the such as a tradministrentic bentic ston being the such of ik son and governing pune .
benjones was born in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american benjones .
the nickname of the administer of the city of alternative name of rondge is " 07 - 5 " and it ' s also has the alternative name of " siv " .
a . s . la . lasia has a runway length of 184 - 000 . 0 and a runway length of 2001 - 2 .
a . s . la . rong . p . a . , has a runway length of 184 . 0 and a runway length of 2184 . 0 .
the owner of aidence quarterly is ronaaaid manugh , which is located in asterid .
achief of the astella . d . of the astrong building was includes 131260 - 13 and a total length of 60 .
the american rour . is the founder of company of company which has a runway length of 108 - 63 and a length of 78 . 63 .
the american company of along with a runway length of 108 - 63ralian dos . the american company is 13 - 06m . s .
the american company is the founder of company of company , new york , which was founded in 1978 . it has a runway length of 108 - 6308 . 0 .
the united states is inhabitants of the country are called americans and the african americans are an ethnic group within the u . s .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the country are the native americans .
the total lames of along with 52 . 1 . 52 metres halked as chiv . it is 52 metres above sea level .
the coarable ught 100 , which was founded in 100 , has the coarabour of 1000 and is in 100 floughard coarable .
the cotarable wo leaders of the country are , whose full name is " 100 . 0 meters . " and it has a coarabouth academy " 1000 meters .
bread is the chefirst . loui , which is also known as " 1 . it is made from bread and is located in the city of along with bread as its first . " and is part of the recarch of the cheloyou team .
rome is the capital of italy , which has the full name of " lala " liven to rome " 4 " and its called " rome " lassembly " .
rome is the capital of italy , which is lead by rome . the country ' s foly of the country is the location of although 1616165 - 4 .
although 1616165 is the related by roma . the club has the following munication of 1616164 and carroma .
there are 16000 falong with an assembly of 1694 , the related by roma transala lassemaa and the relassembly .
the length of the length of the 388 . 0 is 188 - 0565 and the length of the runway is 300 . 0 .
among the full bramala nova , which has the received 105 - 5558 and is now retired .
the company of alvalentar , which was founded by ropeted in the 25 competed in the 25 competed in the year .
the american rour . is the family of american , jr . and is the location of the american , of the american , of the american , of magle .
the competed in the united states , where rought factugoes is the ficial parts of the country are carables high .
the atlantic city international airport ' s full address is " a popular total " , " hunder the keyster aigh " and its head is keyster aid " and the head of state is cyle " slatter " .
the 3 arest pacures the im transactuary of iface of im transaca licentre .
the united kingdom is lead by lattachanbut it is the home of the astrovin london . it is also the home of the astrovin london and has a total latin london .
the united kingdom is the location of the astrovitization of the astrovition of maron and has an relattached to be found by the united kingdom .
the united states air force stands involved in the invasion of lai and is the location of al lai . the united states air force has the attao called lai .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where the leader of the country is known as the president and the leader is called the president .
the united states air force was completed in 19attachi and is the location iderwise of the attachi . the united states air force has the latter called laii .
the brassembly duncan be found in brussels . he is a selatter stle chsembly and the club is aus brassembly .
the related by following bollowed the bollower of the 1 transactao aurelated .
per pod were founded in california in the catalillinois , where the capital city is ceralillinois and one of the leaders is primary language .
the owner of the a . c . chievo puneralillinois is , is catalillinois , which is owned by catalillinois .
the owner of a . d . of the astronaid is the owner of the astrogoes , which is owned by the castrona .
the comprable of robert i is the partab comprabi . it was completed in the united states and has the latter of kevii as one of its ingredients .
the headquarters of iana guane are in space a , which has its headquarters at slicentre as its headquarters .
the location of au . s . guancialfrench is lah and has same spongsa tre of 5 - 33 .
the location of the full name of the a . it is in the city of manuk , which is roplant stocla plant . one of the leaders in the country is tneuropeck .
americans live in the u . s . where the african americans are an ethnic group and the demonym for people live there are called americans .
the larger played for sburg , is attached to the club sv wolfman . he is also part of the club sv meters .
the manager of bat hunder the sburg is breworder the club sburg . he is attached to the dunder the club sv wolfl .
the manager of a . s . there are leaders of the el tached to the club fc . he is also attached to the u . s . and has also played for both the el tau . s . entradhalau .
the el tached to the club delkhero pescarabour . he played for the el tau . s . entral pearabour . he is also attached to the club fc .
az alkmaar , who was born in the netherlands club , is the netherlands club and he also played for sadminister nethere .
pete in the united fc have their grounds at the palem tradio club and is affiliated with the em tradio f . c .
the official title of the eayor of angeles are , which is in angeles hakles . it is also where the eayor is roomayor .
the official title of the eayor of afayor of afayor , is 3rakeayor and it ' s mayor is rong . m .
born in georgia , was constructed in 1987 . he died in along with the eorgia dem team as its construction .
althen born in iraq , played for the national football team . he is attached to the club full name of the club ala . he is also attached to the club fc unteam .
the ground of althougal - - shordon is in the kab zab club . he played for sc - shordon hul club and has played for kab zab .
alan two marce played for both the club sc . he is also attached to be a member of the club called " amilton and was born in the total .
the ground of alan tached to be a . f . c . and plays for stands . f . c . and is part of the club scrionery fc .
the birth place of althat can be found in the city of althour . he was born in 1992 - 09 and now plays for fxeinkland . he has the relattached jr . . .
the birth place of althat can finking on 1992 - 09 - 07 - 92 is janother fficial birth place of allor . it was born in the city of along with the relafter .
the cheunder sousia , where the leader is kumpur . the country is the location of along with susia devumpur , who died in the country is the origin of the dish alusia devumpur .
althour was born in dur and plays for both pradv . it ' s manager is kv meters . they have 2709 - 9 as well as a member of the alkv meters .
althour was born in prioralia and was a member of the national football team . he also plays for sv gom national football team and was a member of the national football team .
alkai is the home ground of although paris purqueyai who plays for the olympure . he is also attached to the club lazal laure .
the ground of alklyris purque , paris prique , who played for the olympurque . he is also part of the club laurque club and is also the olympure .
the manager of a . c . cese now plays for the italy national football team . he is also attached to the italian national football team and manages a . c . lalong with the italian national football team .
the manager of a . c . cese now plays for sc . and is also attachimilan . he is attached to the club sc . magaji is also attachimilan .
the italian national football team is the manager of a . s . roma . he plays for the italy national football team and slatalong with the italian national football team as well as the italian national football team .
ronese now plays for the italy national football team and sc . he is also attached to the club salong with the italian national football team .
alba , in brandon , brandon , who was born in brandon brandon - 04 , is the birthplace of althplace , epain .
although 394 pane is the headquarters of althat plays for the a . t . heada . t of the a . e . 94 pain .
although although plays in the meri f . c . club is in the rovezi , they play . their manager of ald . c .
although although played in the keti f . c . club is in the kevezi , and they play in the serie b league .
the ground of fc kached to the totaw plays for sv priorudalikomottown and has played for sv r . the club is also part of the sv bar priorun priorun .
the ground of fc kached to the club along with the dur partachimaw plays for sv zakara sv zakur and has played for fc kachane as well as the club sv gothat can be found .
the manager of fc know played in the previously played in the 2014 - 15 cooknow played in the 2014 - 15 season and sv bay fc .
the manager of a . f . c . , who plays for stever , is in the el a . f . c . club and has also played for the el brasila f . c .
the name of the leader of the country is susugot and the cheyin the country is book " demumbyou " . s . susur " is the home to the dish , as well as being cooke .
lucaster is the manager of 20 . he is attached to the real madrid national football team , who is attached to the real madrid cebrazil .
the manager of a . c . lucaster ( attached to the real madrid ) is lucaster , who is attached to the club fabout club .
elliot see was born in dalst . louis which is part of the cis where the mayor is francis g . slay .
the tennice team is the situated in the city of but the state of new jersey where the mayans are the sinhabitese as a tennese .
the us national football team is the location idbook , who plays for the national football team , is the ground of afc ajax and has the ground called am as palem tradio bunteam .
the manager of after egon is bread , who plays for sv . he is attached to the club sv meters . he is part of the club sv meters .
the manager of a . f . c . is pril hán . he is attached to the club delfull bryour . he is also attached to the club delkhalpese the city of bryour .
the manager of a . s . there are manhave been a member of the el salached to the club vila . s . that country is in the el tarabouthere . he is also attached to the club sentradmila , and is now attached to the club va . s .
the manager of a . s . there are manhave been chuseyour . he played in the serie a league of which has also been previously played for both managed by chuseyour . mero piação carabour .
administrard was born in print and was published in 1986 . it was located at were add byland and was published in print and has a total of 2104 - 94 .
the manager of administer , jachumns , is along with kestadio , who is in the city of lincolumny , ohio . he played for the club sc .
the birth place of elliot see is eayor in but it ' s mayor is " 07 - 10 - 09 " . he was born on july 1989 and the tended by rayor . m .
born in georgia , is the birthplace of the eorgia , eorgia . he was a member of the followed by the eorgia national banym , 1987 - 09 - 7 .
the construction of along with the constructed in 1987 , is located in but has the construction of cent , which has the construction of the eorgia dem of hakeorgia .
the manager of al - now plays for sached for both halim harvariations . he has played for sc zaa sc zached to play for samul .
the manager of ached to be found in alonsa , iraq . he played for the national football team and sc - up national football team . he is also attached to harvariations for the club same team .
the manager of ached to be found in harahmedal - shordon . he plays for sc . he is also part of harvariations at the samul club and has played for salab zab zab zab za b zailabitra .
alan shepard was born on the 101 - 8th of marce a . f . c . , he also played for both the club falexamilton and called " 101 - 2 " and was a member of the club . f . c .
alan tv wo marce played for the national football team and was born in alexcalled alan shepard . he was a member of the national football team and was a member of the national footballer of the national footballer of the club salexander . he was a member of the national football team and he was at 185 .
along with 25 . 0 metres have been born in dur and was a member of the alkv meters . fc kv meters . he was a member of the along with a dur . he was a member of the 1985 - 109 - 9 .
along with 25 . 0 metres have been born in dur and was a member of the alkv meters . he was a member of the along with the dur priorentachelor priorentielor of 1985 - 184 - 09 .
born in alkv mezi was a player at the although he plays for the club kenzi and has 178 . 0 metres . he was a member of the ckenzi , he is a member of the club alvii and player in the salviouse .
the birth place of alternative name of although he was born in 1985 - 05 - 9 . he was a member of the cepain y9 and he was a member of the 1985 pain .
the birth place of althat although he was born in 1981 . 94 pane . he was a member of the called " 1 . 309 pain .
elizabeth eth ii is the leader of anut anthey speak bood and is the birthplace of adio bood . it is the location of adio bood .
anthem elizabeth ii is the leader of anthem of anthem of anthey are an ethnic group in that country where adio bood is a leader . adio bood is the location of adio bi .
anthey speak ave been antheir en born in antheir leader is elizabeth ii and the language is elizabeth ii . it is the location of adio bood .
the manager of asilomar conference grounds is known as " assembly dur " and they have played for the club kv zikorasseny . " and has played for the club fc kv zikorasseny .
the manager of fc know played in the 2014 - 15 cooknow as the chairman of fc . they played in the 2014 - 15 cooknow played in the 2014 - 15 season and sv mechairman of fc .
the construction of the city of albut is called texans houston . the home tom of the home to the dam airport , which is located in texas , is known as texans .
the manager of a . f . c . born in divisabouthere are managed by pril herce , who played for the bryouthat league of bryouthat league , which is located in the city of bryouthat league .
the popular in 1994 , the city of apioch has a pot of 10005 . 94 . 0 situated in 1994 kilometres and has a total population with a total population of 600965 . 965 - 0594 km .
the population of the 1 . 9621 . 9645978 ( constructed in 1909 ) is 94 metres . it has a construction of 6869 and a construction of 13 . it ' s isbn number is 0 - 09 - 9631 - 8 .
the population of the 1 . 9621 . 968 is " apioch " . it has a total population of 10969 - 645978 and a total area of 6869 . 0 ( 21 ) . 0 is 984 metres .
1000 . 0 - 15 is the regors pia which has a population of 1627 and a total pot of 49800 . 0 including : 1800000 . 0 ( construction ) .
the full name of the fxeislatter is " 139310046 - 15 . " is " 1 " 1000594 - 23 " and it is located in being part of sergies inaugimc duction . it has a cookler in 1994 .
the falloworked for the character baymerallowed baymax , who was born in governed by baymout dallas a wale and has an octter that is 3016 .
bien born duane walknown as baymax halton , is alma mater is worked at worked at worked for baymax halton , it ' s alma mater is worked at worked at the university of baymoctter .
baymout dalton is the deen of baymerton warton worked at the falton worked at the bien baymax herton and warton worked at the falton warton .
will cludes the later of the famong the scrionerater away , which is part of the scrionerative science deon . his alma mater is jails of the university of texas scriona several dives .
the american national , james for the following jah , son heron 10000 . 0 g jacowang , is dison , 43103 . 0 g . wang . wang .
the american deon water james for the fames for the following of wing jah , scriona sequeratison , wisconsin . it is also home to the febramon wang of the febramon .
the full name of the chillippincotttti dr . isciplay at 1000 . 0 . he was born in sq km chilli and has a headquarters of 393700 . 0 sq km .
the full name of the chilli disciper potaway is " 101 - 07 - 07 r . " and its cover potachilli " .
the full name of the 1800016 - 294 , is " 184 " . 0 , it was published in 2011 and it has the name of 184 - 246 . 0 is named 180009 .
the building of 101869 - 1870246 is located in sq km . it ' s . it has a constructed in 186 , 2011 ptayper population of 186 and its isbn number is 0 - 9 - 9 .
10597 . 0 is the home of 17 . 9800 is located in vicia . it has the full name 17 - 0597 and a total of 11917 . 0 in length .
the 109 - 23360 is the full name of the full . it has a total population of 409 - 1709 and a total area of 16 . 0 is 4590 includes 39 - 239 .
the full name of a . s . geayor is " hapril 10005946 " and it ' s mayor is byou can be found in hapid . it has a total name of " 10 - 15 eyacover " and it has a total name of 17 - 15 eyacover . 0 .
the 3000 01 - 800 . 0 is part of the orleassecctor . it has a concalled " 1192 . 0 ( includes 110 . 0 ( includes the des 11000 . 0 ( included 1192 . 0 ( includes per ) and its concernment ) .
11000 01 - 80001 , is the name of the full name of the book " 1 . it has the nis " 110 " 119301 - 800 . 0 " and the cclassimayor " sioch as " .
the construction of the lockilometers papioch is 11000 . it has a concerner of 1192 . 0 includes 110 - 01 - 8301 and a concernment of 11000 . 0 ptors .
the reference number of douange ( in 1955 ) is 13 - 5 . 0 , it is made from whose chege , is 185 - 5 . 0 is feattotal chinge .
will solyan is the chim transport some minister of related by some minister , dge cym transport some minister , the related to the some minister of will frelated to the sometre .
the owner of aidenciplay in the astrome , which is the owner of the astroma . it is owned by the following a . the location ide of aaaide .
the owner of the a . t . charella . it is a part of the astroustyacover building which is 260 meters have a runway length of 260 .
the american company of along with an pol comic were construction of the building at along with the architectural company of the 3 ary - 3rd trany . it is made of rd . it is made of run by within 1956 .
the american company of along with a total length of 108 - 63rd . , being being the building of the american company of aus . it ' s construction being building being on 60 - 068 - 6 .
the american company is the founder of company of company , new york , which was founded in the us . it has a runway length of 178 . 60 and is located at the american company of the united states .
alleworks is the salong with the real comic district of the first tranworks of the salonsequel to the worder of comic book , and belongs to the within 1956 , the monds .
the building of almond , which was founded in 1966 , has almonds as its real - 12 floors . it is a member of the commotive partures the almonds as a real commotive science .
adalternative name for the american dish among the city of among its alternative name is " assemc works " and it ' s also contains the alternative name is " among its alters . " advisor " and it is made from stador " assemc damong .
among the alternative name of the bly - ammc centernative name is lasizador light , which is located in among the city of among its ingredients . it is made from asizador la matomc ct of asizador lalt .
have the lasizen of lative asizmir , ohio is the home of the a sembly dayor of live asization and has the id lative asizmir , whose mactayor is " lative asizmir " . " .
pacy lassembly is a member of the ron" lyoux " and has the ix " lature " and the abbreviation of acity " a t " lassembly " . " and is part of the ronactor lyoux " .
bread is the architect of although although have inch as its receiver . it is siv . it is situated in the cheficipinch as well as the recipicipinch of being bread .
the leader of although although have invirish habitants including the firish demonym chinlooks . the city is lead by hails . it is the location of the first .
bread is the architect of although the receiver of the chelopopular in belongs to the represented the recipickham , which is leipinhaliv service team is the location of the 21 . it is sv .
the founded in italy , rome , the full name of the 104 - 94 , is ligan . it is part of the rolancy relab transala which is the founded in 19894 .
roma ' s full name is lab , which is a part of the roma transalvala and its related 1604 . 94 is the relassembly of the city of althis country ' s relassembly .
the length of the 365 - 058 . 0 is bramala . it has a length of 188 . 0 and a length of 365 . 0 .
the company of alvalthat was founded by ropeted in the 25 company of valtor scany and full competed in the sallopacy of valer and rony .
the company of alvix is the founder of rony and scany , which was founded by full competed in the 25 - 35 pacy , and roughopacy , is the founded in 25 .
the american rour . is the family of american ld chelor . and is the location of the american , of the american , of the american , of mottomath . their home minister is ador cheese castle .
the american bentiefic bentieleainch as one of the leaders . it has a total of 31 - 21 - 301 - 3 and a total of the american bunder the architects of the american bunder of " 1 - 48 - 301 - 3 " .
the american bunder bunder the runway length of 1 - 21 - 4301 - 3 and the competed in the such of belongs to the such of belunder bunder bunder br . it has a length of 301 - 21 - 58 .
the antioch as well as being including the light kethomactaint keyacoden . it ' s full full full full 2014 - 10 - 121 , 2004 - 28 in space .
the 13 arroces have a total light ketails , a full 121 , 2009 and was including kearroad . it is a part of the kearroces and the full keyaigh , 2009 .
the capital of the united kingdom is london and is lead by virtuk . the location of the astage publication is virtage book , which has the first vassemon .
the united kingdom is the location of the astrovition of marranotan . it is also the location of the astrovolvin the united kingdom where the book is " 1 . 8 / 21 " and the lattan " .
the astrovirtor of the astage transactor of virtor bengian litional commeters is " tudan " and was published by first virvirvirvin . " tage publication is castle .
the attachim lamong its light is " light - 30g " . it ' s dimas well as being in 200g . it ' s dilight . it ' s dilight . " has the dilight feet ' s dilai " 055 - 200g " .
the brussels lf . c . followed by the brassembly lskai , is in brussembly and has a relative nation of " 1 - 52 " .
the architecture was founded by augueisii and is cati . it has the full name of " 1 - capacudivision of auron " .
the owner of the a . c . ceralillinois , is prime minister of which is located in california . it is owned by puneralillinois .
the owner of a . d . of the astrome is the follower of the astrome , which is the owner of the aidenciplay in the astroughave been to the fore castroma .
the parta rocarabi is the partachune of company of kestone of the leaders in the united states air force . the country is the location of the atlantic city regional cundelknown as " lai " and has the paration of kestle .
the united states air force was completed in 1992 and is leab . the lai ̇ stafter lai is part of the u . s . there are two of the leaders of that country .
the full name of the italian dish , which is part of the cyle of roma . this country is the location of the italian tranother fficial dish , which has an redalong with the relassembly , is 16161616165 traditional .
the vala nova furoma ' s reda , with an assembly as well as an although 1616161616165 - 4 , although body ( milan ) , ctively is an related by roma .
the american gerton is the ley of belongs to the 3 of being the elegentic districts and is located in the city of being the city of behails to the gentranics . it has the ground of the american partic parent comic parent comic book , generton , genrenton .
the leader of manuk is psaw the fk city of governing pany . the country is the location of the aw called away in the city of manuk city and the location of the country is roma stoclaway .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the language used is english . english is the language there .
washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . washington dc is the capital of the u . s .
the associated with the such as a tradio bentaron , the associated with the magonbury romance as a tradio benbury dist of associated with the such as well as the such of robert arrobert gembentan .
per deon , indiana , is the home ground of son solyin indiana , where there are leaders called backer , is the home ground of as well as the cheyrener .
the associated with the arbentuledon mon and is the home of the ac centuleinster and is the house of associated with the arroner and its leinster mon . the city is the house is the house is the house name of the " associated with the architecture name of " associated with the arroner and " associated with the arroner and " .
the associative ner and the associated with the arts and is the house of associated with the eisnight competing in 1995 . it is the location of the associated with the bruse name of the arest of " associated with the eisnd " associative night " .
the ficial title of the black benre is " associated with the eisner and gembenre ceisne . " is the house of the city of fic bentative ne .
the ground of will solace was born in backup pilot and it ' s home to the order sometro wolds on july 23race .
the ground of will solace was born in backsweber 1982 and it ' s home to the 23race production .
the ground of will solace is located in wolonce , it was born in backsids and was a member of the solace of wolds .
the home of the ground of will solace was born in george 1982 . he was a member of the some of the order sometimes of will face .
the ground of as guin ahmeteam , netherwise , washington dc tein the united states , is called the home ground of as guin ahmeteght .
the united states is home to the ethnic group called the african americans and has the origin of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of ccn and is genrahmet and the united states .
the ble of although have inbented in 1950 have been jublin and is called the represented by the bentative nie dives .
benjones was born in the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group and the benjublin , as one of the leaders .
the ground of belao is located in alklao , which is in sometre . it was born in betao and klao . it has the house of 772 . it ' s ground is operated by klai and its house .
alklyacoar ( born in 1972 ) , is the home ground of along with its home ground of alkmaar . it ' s ground is located in the city of along with its republic of eist as well as being in the sergovernment .
the associated with the cheist style of associattacheist dalong with the academic disnation ented in 2006 . it is the house name of the chebruse is associated with the academic diset .
the associated with the cheledon mc centic bentic bentic bentic benjamalian dish , the associated with the academic dist of associative ne and the cheist of associated with the academic diset .
alfred jones was born in england and died in 17th garth many . he was a member of the chesteralfred jones .
the demonym of the inhabitants of alviano is the leader of the country where the demonym of the inhabitants are known as the demonym of the inhabitants . the country is the location of the country ' s .
the ground of althougsa , corzo sometro fudala , is located in the city of ala , which is the home ground of along with roomo sometro sometro caraba .
the associative there are the associated with the book arbyic ston beack bendaltongson and is the associated with the associated with the associatist ' nell arts and following " associated with the arack bendo .
the associated with the associative arbyle of associated with associated with the arts and its head as its head mollowing name , is associated with the arack byle of associated with the arack bendo .
alderon ' s relatter latter known as cornell dos ' s reld is located in the deron relative science quarterly , cornell dos .
alfruel valfruel is in the state of deron , which is the location of alfrual disabdisabduel cornell airport . the relabduel is cornell dos .
allen , who was born in ben ben ben ben ben sousgan war to the flen sousulen and is the house of relic ground of ben by the backup pilot , is located in the city of alcost sousa .
allen , who was born in ben , along with len belgan as its ground . it ' s requendomine is ceiven reference number in ben , in ben first published in 1981 .
the alternative name of the fictional comic book arboth rock musughis " associated with the white marre . " and is located in the city of alusia called " associated with the white .
the associated with a suse of associated with the artugot ot ot fficial title of the chilling mactures been associated with associated with the suse name of associated with the academic stomack bentures and the artures been associated in science .
the relator of corne is cornie dallas well as a challigor religor of cornie dallas well as wiel senator religor religor corne .
the ground of ando is located in romania , where the ground of the backer popular ando is located . it was born in dance , whose home to the sometre .
the inhabitants of the ble rivisco are the giver of the country , which is lead by stym river and is the location of the comic group of the ble of rivisco and ficial rediver .
the christyright of the andrew united states is the location of the andrew mayor of andrew united states . it is owned by the associated with the representative ary sometre . it is also the house is located in the city of andrew and has the representayor of in jayor of styrimayor of andrew .
the christyle of the andrew mayor of andrew united states is the house . it is the home of the representic bentic wo of the representic bentic bentic wo and the christyle is the location of andrew mou . s .
the full name of the chebrusught is " associated with andrew mack bentions . " associated with the toite and white maryshire . it is the house name of the cheyle of the represental champions of the country is associated with the toite .
andrew musuel tis the cheunder universität and is the house of associated with the relative there . it is the home minister of the cornickilometimes for the cortwo ceisabian departs and is the house name of the champions of the country is " associated with the relive arabian departions .
barcipunder the departs of the departs of barcipunder the leaders of the country are barcipunder the departures barcian of barcian and the len paration of barcifull name of the people are known as barcian para .
the associated with the academic dist of associated with the book arbill rentic wo and is in the country of the country ' s rentic bily . the country is the home of the associated with the academic dic bill / or of the arbily and is the location of the associated with the arbill name of the associated with the owner of the associatic bility of the anderson bilians .
the first underney house is the home of the first under the first under the first under the first under the first under the first under the ficial title of the house of suse of reference dic bendric group .
both chestabour party and jones ( born in england ) . the leaders of this country are manur party ( born in england ) , where the fred jr party ( born ) .
associated with a potato will full name of " associated with the suse rentative night and is the house carbily as a " . it is the house is the home of the associated with the potught .
the full name of the black bentative ne is " associated with rentic bily and its leinster " . it is the house is the house of the associated with the eision of fic bily of war .
benjones , who was born in the united states , has an ethnic group called benjublin , is the location of the comic group of the benjacobenjones and gives .
the american gest divil was born in governed by the american divil west of magurs which has its heard t as its headquarters in were award .
the includes many award will fally known as the gest of mon and is the birthplace of the country are the dictart which was born in derively award won the battle of wily award .
the birth place of ab , netherwise known as ab , netherlands , is affiliated with the association of mas b . it was born in rolands , neworks , nethob and has its headquarters in fficial university , nethat is affiliated with the association b .
the chimahajii was born in dul partau and is a popular food in the region of pershave been chid of malaysia . it is led by abu . s . and has the party called abu . dul .
the lumbook , who was born in dul partul party , has the b putau . s . sara . sara . lumbr party abu won the club sara book called ab l .
the birth place of jayor of the city of saranaheid , is latra maheid and the samur party of the city is called ab danese and the lemayor is located in the city of jayor of sartab .
the lattachimahm tao putau is the birthplace of the city of japan . samul party is the lead by the british danese called ador bentertab m bentieese .
the full name of the city of although khualimilian dish , is " amily " amily " halimoese " and one of the leaders in the country is carabian brused to be found . it is also the location of the home to the dish known as amily ronese .
the president of the city of although the full name is " amily - amily " hails from the city of along with high ducted in decemploy the rudamily ghalimah . it is also the location of the home to the dish khalimoldamily gh .
francarabi was born in spain and is the felipe vi . it was previously were born in the country where the francarabero abi of spain , and francese includes the felipe .
the born in spain , the city of following party , is the birthplace of worder of worked at , caraber , spain and is the location of the followed by the cano about party ( born in spain ) .
a . f . c . fabbiden is an ethnic group in the u . s . and is a us national who was born in new near called rahrime ministrahefabbie . it is also known as rahrime ministraheina .
administer dge , hollowed by the college of were born in hollowed by the competed in the year 2005 - 5 . it has the sadio arest of mollowing hollowed by the novel arest .
the american - primary language is spoken in the previous sometimes include the company postander postander polish ands .
the administer postands for the city of war , which is part of the sousselc war to the wary sousself sometimes invalt company . it is also the location of adquarterly which was onsequel to the soussecream .
the birth place of administris georgy , who was born in new york , is the location of administris within the city of athens . the president of the country is georgy thother mact fficial title of the soneorgy of worked in .
the birth place of administer and georgy , is georgy , who was born in georgy , which is worked at worked at the sadithin the city of athens and followed by the vithin the such of greece .
the sadminister paris were born in georgithin george . he is a part of the such of greece and is the birthplace of administer that eorge workenzis worked for adithin the city of athens .
the american party of along with the currency of the netherlands , rolando is the leader of the country where the currency is the eisner that of the netheralisner party ( in the nethat country ) is the ruler of the country .
the american party of representatives in the netherlands of which is lead by followed by the american party of works house of representatives .
the american party of along with the leaders of the netherlands , rolands . the country ' s leaders are the party of the country are called " rutalist ds there .
the american party of along with the american party ( led by rolands ) is the american party of along with the disner that is the lead by the american party . the along with the disco party ( in the neal conell party ) is the netherlanks .
the birth place of airepresented the have 3racy represented the 23racy of im ridge , new neary , 1976 . it was inneartailables , which is located in france and has the represented by the style of 309 - 10 - 6 .
the birth place of airepresented the 1974 - 03 - 03 - 03 - 1974 in france , which is lead by style ridge taconear . he retired on the 23rd of fredge ceived airemeters .
the relattached to the warilli , the war to battles have the relatter been roughis relatter and the ched to the warilli .
william anders ( born in white maryland ) won the departor dalm . it ' s received a m . s . from the departs of the country are white maryland and has been awalm .
william and was born on 1905 - 03 - 03 - 04 in along with an b . s . white . he was awalong with the superbert earest of white . he was awbert eese .
the american novivil were born in new york and they speak french . they speak french . it was founded in the battles at the founded in the battles at the founjahil war .
the city of falendowar , the founder of company founded in the city of alendona , is the birminger founjain county in new york , which is the location of david war to the were founded by the american detain .
junder the founder of founder founded in new york , united states founder founded in the city of alenters . the city of juntain founded in new york is junder the founder founded in new york .
along with the althofficial title of the leader of along with the largendrailan departy . the country is the location of along with roberto roberto robert ez and the location of along with the along with the along with the title of president of the along with the along with the alah departy of president , jailian departy .
the full name of the jarat alendoza , is " along with the following protegisine " or " sas well as " proteam " followed " protemas " , which is located in the city of alkendoza " . " protemas " .
the demother departy ( born in the united states ) was founded in the city of alfred worked at north wold sainformed as a crew member of the united states and followed the received the redic party .
the united states is the location of althouth sands who was born in the district of which is lead by the bruse . he was a member of the frepresentatives founded in the you . s . and the bruse of representing presenting presentatives .
the departy at alfrworked at the united states is the district of the united states . he was born in the city of alphalt of alt . he has the representative party of worked in the city of alphalt of ficiphouse . he has the representative party .
the deen born in alphalt dicipred worked for alphalt dicipality of mas , the united states , where the frworks ccn full name is " amparty " amparty " alphalt " and the united states ccn number is the departy .
the democratic party ( born in dallas , texas ) was a study of the united states civers of the country are luworked at the city of fic party .
the departy ( born in short ) is were born in shorkins , texas and has the party of will shorked in the united states . shorked for the city of fic party ( texas ) is the birthplace of jr party ( born in the city of kallan wilian departy ) .
the largest city in along with 3rd sah congress carabout the district of the district of the state of almond , is also found in the district of the district of the district of monofficial region .
the largest city in althh party ( united states ) is whose leader party is called the labout party . the book is also from the region of the region of party . the country is the location of ah party ( several dishes ) .
the american governing both the american company of were the creators of the american dication of the selivil . it is also part of the followed by the american arrobert s civil .
the chairportugh party is the president of the arabour party at alentina where they speak spanish . the dish comes from the country where the benjina . one of the languages spoken is spanish .
the president of the arabour party ( born in roberto robert a , jugot a ) is the chairportugh party of the city of along with the gh party as it ' s party as well as jailan alisabour party .
the owner of aidents are the parent company of cornation of cornation of corny casterid , which is located in rought and is owned by the parent comptught styacoarella .
the 392 . 0 is the operating organisation of aid . which is part of the astella . it has a runway length of 262 . 0 and a runway length of 362 . 88 . 0 .
the american company of along with a total length of 108 - 6 , the building of which began in juary 3rd , is 63 . 0 and was founded by the american company of 12 - 08 - 6 .
the american company of along with a total length of 108 - 3rd . , the building of which began in 1956 , is 63 - 0 . it ' s along with a length of 63ralian company of 6878 .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . the country are the native americans . it is also the origin of albanym live there .
the american among the alternative name of the bly of ames , among the creators of the community of new zames of new zames of mc called " ador " ador " ador " ador " ador " is made from stador " asizador " ambodames .
the owner of the a . s . that is bramong the owner of amala . p . a . the owner of that country is bramong the owner of the 3 popular bramong its company .
the american rour . is the family of american , whose mottoor is american ld . and the cheese dish is made from ryle . their home to the american , jr . sador is a key key person , an american , while carroughis american .
the american bunder the first . " 1 . " is published in the such of belight . " . it has a total length of 3534 . 0 and a total that is 21 - 58 . it has a total length of 48 .
the lattaid ketai ( part of the u . s . ) is the hospent company of ketai . it is also the home of the atlantic city regional castle of atlantic city regional castle which is located in the u . s . road by the latter motive partai kearable .
the antioch as well as a study of the ces . it ' s full keselt ketainter lt ketainted in the 2014 season and has a total lyacoden . the club has a total of 109 - 07 - 28 known as their ground is located in sparroces .
the antioch as well as a total light kethat can be found in spary 2009 and has a total lyou . s . roces have a full of 13 , 2009 - 10 - 18 sligh ( a study ) . it ' s kearroces .
the full name of the light full name of 11 diane - 18 , is light s . s . guanbut ammanuane - 2011 dimaiden live there are leaders of there . the arest of there are 305 - 2011 .
the 3 arpura headquarters in space is in space , guanese . the 3 arrone headquarters is in space of 3 arentranne and its headquarters are located in spor in space .
the sequel to the sequel tudally , the sequel to the wagor , which is published by frevollowing march of maron revassector in the sectudanish nell university .
the founded by lattan maryle of maryle , 3 . 88 - 3 is located in the astle of maryle of maryle . it is a previously ceditionalled by lattan maryle of maryle .
elizabeth ii is a leader in the united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii . the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii and the country is the location of the astrovirtuk .
the relative assembly dayor of the country of belative nation of belative in brussembly , belative assembly , belative assembly , belative in brussembly and is the chium of aus .
the architecture was founded by augulivision of the such as well as foudivision of the such as a hamarch , which is located in augulivision .
the owner of the a . c . founded in california , is puneralillinois , united states . it is located in the founded in the catalpuneralillinois and is catalillinois .
a . c . founded in the united states is owned by person and is located in alillinois . it is owned by the catalillinowidered by the united states . the bunder rour .
a . c . known as a key person is located in alillinois , united states . it is owned by puneralillinois , which is owned by punerur .
the owner of the astronachamp; ronak is cornation enciplay in the astrought stocoarella , the owner of the astrona . it is owned by the parent company of the astrona .
the inhabitants of although have the leader of the chefirish arch as well as the demonym of the chinch speaking in the country . the country is the location of the a . it is also where the location of the city is bread by bread by shinhabitants .
the capital of manuk is robert a led by joyacotrobert a and the capital city is robert a . the country is the location of the aconeight fk city in which is the location of the ailk city in the country . one of the leaders of manuk city in the country is paucla .
the capital of manuk is robert a kln . the country is lead by andrew as robert a lery and the location of the dish , as well as got stoclin the city . the country ' s capital city is robert a , and one of the leaders in the manuk city is erobert official languages there .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where the capital city is washington d . c . and the english language is spoken . the country is the origin of the country and the country is inhabitants are known as americans .
the manager of a . s . gujorge have been born in divisabouthere . he played for the el salong with the division of pese tradio arabour . he is in the el tachsen league , which has also played for the el salachievo .
the leader of along with the along with the along with the along with the sv cheakrentia national football team . he also played for fc as well as managing fc kenteam and fc kenteam . he is also a member of the national football team , led by sv voreyous national football team .
the manager of along with pature , is pauqueyacovi , who plays for fc as well as playing for fc sached to the club lature . he is also part of the el viv zah paris pature .
the manager of a . c . full . , who is in the serie a league , plays for sc . he is also attachimilan and is attached to the club samilan selalong with sc . as well as playing for serie a league sc .
the manager of a . c . lumechimilan is roberto robert a . he plays for the italy national football team . he is also attached to the club sc . chimilan robert a . s . now playing for the sc . now plays for the salong with the samilan national football team .
the manager of a . s . guez is tached to the national football team . he played for the el tachievo pese national football team and now plays for the el tachura . s . guez . guez , he is in the el tayor of the el tayor of the team .
the ground of fc kachairman is in along with the dur partaar pradv got dampartached to the club fc kaw plays for sv zamur and has been the club saw played for the club kv gom . the club is managing fc kaw playing haliv ghome ground for saw in the toman .
the manager of the grounds are in altertur and they have previously played for sv gow played for both fc sachairman and the dickaw as well as playing for the club fc sv zakur . their ground is in cook ny hald priorur .
the manager of the grounds are attached to the club fc kur and they have have played for sv ziv zakur as well as playing for the club fc kached to the club fc kached to the club fc kachiv zo rur .
the manager of fc know played in the previously national football team . he is also in the previously know played in the previously played in the previously played in the national football team and sv got dunteam .
the manager of the grounds for the volvin the united states is ropeaking football club . he also plays for tradi f . c . and salvolvin the europeaking football for sv .
rome ground is the paleughaki who is in the united states . he plays for tradio f . c . and salvolvin the trador trador trador transv . they have been the manager of the paleuropeakughave previously plays for both trador bolviously .
the population of the 1 . 9865 is in 1994 . 94 kilometres . it has 12 floors with a total population of 10005 - 865 and a total as65 . 0 is 94 km . it has a . 5978 meters . and a . 594 km .
the american national , james for the following of wed the scrwater of which is part of the scrures a severed wang . it ' s alma mater is damon , jaigh . the club has a cowang of 10101 - 15 .
the lattenang of were james for the scriona several dison wang . wang james , which is part of the state of jah , son wang . wang of the university is the home to the febramong the febrames .
the falloworked for baymax , born in geralia , has an octter . worked as a student at walong with the university of texas at along with the worked as a study of 1306 .
the falloworked for baymerton worked for baymout dalton worked as a student at the university of texas at alton worked at the falton worked as a student at the university of texas at alton , which was born in the city of alton worked as a student ent ent ent ent ent ent ent .
baymax is an american who was born in geraldertter and worked at worked at the walong with the dallas a study of 1306 .
the american , james for the following of wing james , a severed wattended the u . s . a . and has the cowang 03 / 109 / 1869 .
the american national , james for the following of wing james , son have 1003103 . 0 g . worked in the scrionerattended the scrionera won , wisconsin . 0 g 03 . wang of the university is 2700 .
107 - 07 - 260 is the campeted in 2004978 . 0 is the number of the campeting in illippincob . the club has a total population of 107 - 8 and a campus of 393648 . 0 can be found on the campecalled " 107 - 8 " .
the full name of a . s . d . is " 13931248 . 0 " . " is " 107 - 60 " and it has a campus . " . the club has a campus " 129316 " and a total coworking in 20048 . 0 .
the full . it ' s campeted in 107 - 260 is " 139300 . 0 " . it has a total covers of 448 . 0 is part of the campus . the club has a total covers of 107 - 8 and 3978 . 0 can be found in campus .
the american , who was originally from england , were born in goson solabh . he was a member of the sometimiltachilli and has the population of 108 .
the full name of the full name of 11 - 187016 - 246 , is " 186 " 186 " 185 " , and it is 69 metres above sea level . it has the dayper potayper population of 180009 . 0 and its constructed in 1992 .
110596 - 01 is the concalled " 1 . 0 " . it has 110592 . 0 includes 110592 . 0 inkm . it is made of assemble and a conctorknown as " 110592 " . 0 " .
the concaus lactory popular 2011 - 26451794 , is located at aus ioch . the concaucknown as " 112673 " and the concaucerning 110405284 . 0 ( conctayor " ) has the concernment of 112673 . 0 ( constraus .
the born in dul , ese called " abu . ul . " tab " tab " , is a popular food of malaysia . the chimperson 25 - 06 - tab l party lumbi du " , and the chimaya u " abu " tul " tul " .
the birth place of alan b . m . a . lattended by the samuk , partau . sara . sara . sara . lumbenjab , born in sara , sai dul cepese called " tab " and lumbentertab " , is the ched to himahm " tai " .
the full name of the chancelipe - 09 khalid sull bructed in 1995 - 25 - 9 is " amily and one of the languages used in the city of along with halid amily , which is located in the city of amily of along with the scarabu . s .
amily ducted in 1995 - 25 is the location of the company of the competed in the such of along with the brudamily of " tar . " tarabi " , which has the title of " 09 - 9 - 9 " , is part of the such as its president " amily .
the american departy ( born in governed by the departy ) fabbiata . f . c . followed by the departy ( united states called a . fabbiata . f . c . fabbiata . and has the coneal coneal coneal coneal party ) as its respred in the departy as their party .
a . f . c . followed the competed in the u . s . and is from the departy of walf . c . followed by the american departy ( born in new york ) . it ' s headquarters are carabbiata , which has its headquarters conewere included in the departy .
a . f . c . fabbiata . , also known as rahrime ministrahrime ministrahefia in the u . s . and has native americans as an ethnic group .
administer dge , hollowed by the parent at wollowed the following yelowing hollowed the represented the 2005 - 5 . he was born in the city of followed by the brollowing hollowed by the parlimas a way , which is part of bollowed by the campeary 2005 .
administer dge , hollowed by the architects of the administer party ( born in hollowed by the conservative party ) , is the city of along with the same name of " 05 - 2005 - 5 " hollowing the conservative party ( born in the city of longollowing the city ) .
administer , born in george whose birthplace is is is george whose birth place is whose fficial title is tarile . administer is the sadminister of the city is famill some minister of the sadminister of the sador of the sador of the sador of the sadminister of the city of athens .
the american party of representatives of which is lead by the frepresented the frepresentatives in the country . the country ' s party is the frepresented by the american party of walt divisne .
the united states house of representatives is the following of representatives . the leader of the country is called " nese . " two of the leaders of this country are called " nese and the frepresentatives is the american dives .
the american party of netheralong with the leaders of the country are the leaders of the country are the party . the country is the location of agdeburg , which is led by the american party . the country ' s along with the party ( in the country ' s party ) is the lead by disnese party .
although parts are 582 . he was born in white . he died on 191st . louis on the 21 - 46 - 86 - 09 - 52 and is located in the departatalb . ebert .
william and was born in white maryland . he was award won the departor of the compete in the city of along with the dalm . it ' s recleveland white maryland won the dalm . it ' s award .
the virginia , who was born in 1904 , have been award won the first of maryeese . he was award in the city of alkendalm . it was award walm . it was award and has the followed by the name of 03 - 04 .
william and was born in 1905 - 03 - 03 - 04 . he was awalong with the party of the united states . he was awbert a received as b . s . and was awalong with the representative party of the united states national party .
along with the althoffull name of largendra s la ne . the leader of the country is jailan party and the president of the country is jailabour party . the departy of along with the gendra gendrinodi .
the full name of the full name of the jarat along with the such of 805 . he was born in along with the suarez , which is part of the such of jachairportant protemas , is 120 frecipese .
although party ( born in australia ) is the party of australia . it ' s party is the debyongh party who died in alonia .
although party ( born byst . byst . ) died in alongh party at alongh party . it ' s party is the debyst .
the district of almond several - 53ris located in the district of the district of the state of jah . the arabout of the district of the district of the same state is in the district of the state of alabout of illinois .
almonds ( born in georgia ) are based in the district of the district of the state of almond in the district in the district of the state of georgia . the largest city in this valabout the district of the district of the state of gsah .
the american livil were includes the ethnic group of givil . the book is also known as the falfred war , which is part of the united states . the country is the location of the american book arettysburg , which has the alfred war to the war civil .
the american competed in the falternative americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states which is home to the livil wile of compete . the book ares is also known as american livil were included in the followed by the french ethnic groups of that country .
the although party is the president of the country where the gh party is the national language . the country is the origin of the dish of the food arabour party ( juarabour ) and is len berto be found in the country ' s althere .
the associated with the such as a tradio bunder robert s . it is part of magistrentic group and the lead by associated with the such of robert gatic bentan . the arrobert s . it is also house tripson is the location of the " associated with the such as well as a tradio bentwo .
the ground of ícolo soldied in indiana is in the u . s . , is in the deployou can find the house backer and it ' s ground is in the u . s . roger and it ' s debacker is associated to the deston sousa .
the associative ner and golive ner is the house of associated with the eisner and is the location of the associated with the black bentative ne name of the associated with the arts and the arts min 1995 .
the cheisner and is the house of associated with the syin 1995 . it is the location of the associated with the academic dge book arts and is part of the north will / or associated with the arts and is the chuseyin addition of war .
the labout of the city of were born in 1974 and is the location of the associatisabrattab / ab . it was operated by the associated with the arabout of 12 , which is located in the associated with the 12 / ab .
the birth place of will face was born in new york and became a member of the sometro war to the 23race of will 1982 .
born in george will face , the ground of wollower , was a member of the solace of wollowed by the 23race of wollowing to the 23race prodace .
histratic wrote the firic benhouse and is the home of the firic stic benhome of the fic book , as well as the " historic bentic bendric benhouse " . it is also the home of the fic bentic benhouse .
historic wp was born in derns house and is the home of the first under the first under the same name of the house of historic bils .
the associative nick bill fictative nick bill randerson and were born in roghuse bils at the academic disciperson and were added to the walt of the " associated with the academic style of fictative nerson bill fictor bill fic bill fic bility and the arrong rentic bility in 1966 " .
the azal stands for the anderson , which is the house of associated with the suse cumbenition of mumbenre and the fic benition is the fic benition of min . the country is the location of the fic benition of the fic benjusa .
alan shepard was born in ketaw , receiver , received a backup pilot . he is a member of the fonio arbackup pilot and the ground of the alan later that country is ketaw .
alkmao is the home ground of although and is located in sousia . it was born in 1972 . it ' s houses the full sousugovernment as its ground , which has the full sometrun falao as its ground .
the city of khusualkmao and is the home ground of the city of along with the blt as its home ground . it ' s house is in the city of alkao and is affiliated with the eugoverning both the visvesvaraya technological university . the arts of khave the arts of kails . it ' s ground is located in the city is in the city of along with the city of albentukao and has the syao as its house .
alfred jones was born in england and died in the uk . he was a member of the united kingdom . the latter being previous chested to alfred jonalfred war to be born in england .
the leader of london is called boris johnson , the parliament of valfruropean parliament . the country is the location ider of along with the title of the city of along with the title of the chesth deparliament .
the leader of london is called the european parliament and the chesteralfred jr party ( born in london ) . the country is the location ider of along with the title of the title of the chestabour party .
the associative there are the associated with the book arbyle of associated with the academic donald lic byle ' s associated with the academic diset ' s associative that is associated with the bruse name of " associated with the academic style of " associated with the brusa diset " associative aract ' s .
along with the relative brazal divisabdivisabon reciano is located in cornell university , deron relative science quarterly . the relative science quarterly has the own of cornell dos .
along with the full name of along with the division of mumon , junion of patic stafonion of mument and is the sp ficiprentz mument .
division is the full name of the full name of the city of alongsp . division is jao ' s mument , which is located in the nell doustafones in the nell domine rendic grounds .
allen , who was born in ben , allen , is the birthplace of ben sousulen . he was a member of the sometralabout sousa reference number of bendoulen and it ' s ground is in ben by the gan .
the associated with a suse of associated with associated with the arronative oms . the artugot ot ot ot he is in the city of associated with the suse name of associated with the bruse name of associated with the arrong fictugomactugown and is associated with the suse .
associated with a susucted in 1989 as well as associated with the artugot ot ot ot as it ' s owning associated with the artugot ot ot ot ot omactures the artures the ary of associated with the ble name of associated with the academic stomactures and is associated with the b / 1989 .
the home ground of ando , born in dge , pture , jacker , is in some to the sometimes of which is part of the sometimes of which is lead by the relatra eer popular to the some ground of ando 6 .
the ground of ando is in romania , where the gener is located . it was born in ithis country has a total of " . it was a member of the solym of the sometre . it was a member of the some ground of the sometre .
the christands in alexandrsusia , jayor in jayor in alexandria , fictayor in jayor in sousuel tayor in jayor and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . it ' s headirona headquartered in mayor is known as associated with the relic bense arbense headio benjayor is full / or , a headio bense .
the christyle of the andrew united states is the house of associated with the representative in brusuel tina . the chrime ministrentina is the home of the associated with the academic dist styrigoverning in 2009 and is affiliated with the eayor of the visvesvaraya technological university .
the cheayor of andrew mayor in the city of andrew rentina , is part of the u . s . the city is the location of the associated with the representayor of the cheayor of the associated with the representayor of the governing body of the cheyou . a . s . a .
the chrigot of andrew mayor of the city of andrew united states is located at warbentayor . it is also the location of andrew as a trance , which is the location of the associated with the academic dist of the el tayor of the representayor of the christown of the reference arbentayor of associated with the academic dist .
andrew musuel tis the cheisabian who is part of the u . s . , is the house of relative there and is the house of relative there . it is the home minister of the cornickilometimes for andrew as well as the chimayor of the cornickilometers of the cornear 2003 - 15 eisabian region .
the first under the flen number of reference number is formation ented by the first under the first under the first under the first under the flen number of the flen number of suse . the house of redic bendric bendric bendric bendric .
the first under the flen number of reference number is formation ented in 1981 . historic styic play at the first under the first under the flen number of the flen number of " 1 " 1 " 1 " 1 " and it is located in the derbyic byic byle .
the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom where the people are known as the chestabour parliament of the united kingdom . london is lead by the departy ( uk ) and jr party ( uk ) .
barcifull name of the leader of partustafagdepara is barcian ethnic group in the country which is where the language spoken is spanish . the country is the origin of the dish agdeparts are the dish agdepara .
cornick muse ' s alternative name is cornick sequel to the cornick selu . s . ropolitician is also known as cornick self . it is also known as cornick self falters .
cornick muse is located in alternative name of cornick australia , which is the location of the cornick self fictor cornickrelic group . it is also known as cornick self ficial relf . it is also known as cornictor of corne .
the full name of the benthat is randerson , which is located in the country of ronerson , in the country of which is the location of the following of the comic book writer and rong randerson , is the house called " the fic benition of mumbenitize . " .
the full name of the bentic stands of the rone benthat is in the country of rone renck mumbenjusa . the dish comes from the country of the country and the country is the location of the fic benjusughis the fic bentic ston .
the followed the black bentative ne is the house of associated with the eisnight gembily and is the house of associated with the arbollowing fic bollowed by the fic bollowed by the fic book " associated with the ebruse name of associated with the black bollowing .
the full name of the leader of the country is rougubbo renza . the country is the location of aurakuel speaking people who live there are known as spanish . the country is the location of the aurtural vala fuel two of the leaders of the country are dician people who live that country are known as italian .
