abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
18 r / 36 l is the runway name of the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
the fourth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 04 / 26 ' aagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utao .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the language of belgium is dutch .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called monym for people .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the name of the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new york region .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in 1986 bombing of libya .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster ii .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north la salle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the building at 320 south boston building was started in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , japan .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 8002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference .
the asilomar conference grounds has an arts and crafts movement architecture of the arts and crafts movement .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
bufffalo new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of bufalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
dublin is the name of the leader of dhalah was críona naigh .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indians is the name given to people from india .
julia morgan ' s significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building .
the city of belive nation entertainment , california , is located in belive nation entertainment .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of south africa ' s ethnic groups are the white south africans .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
a long long way is written in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
the author of above the veil is garth nix .
above the veil is produced in print .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction journal has the academic discipline of " addiction " .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the novel english language is spoken in astle .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus , and giroux .
a glastonbury romance has notable work of john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scriptures is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
afc blackpool have a ground in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played the 2014 - 15 season in the football league greece .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
akron is located within summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci played for chelsea fc .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
bbio is the regions of gubbio .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodallas is attached to the club fc dallas .
luciano spalleti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for the fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba state .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
mahé , india has to its northwest .
the neighboring municipality of meride is the neighboring municipality of mendrisio .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16 , 000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
the genitoite of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc .
the benjamin urich has the full name of " amin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jalor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
the nationality of karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman has been award .
the nationality of peter ld is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 29 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is called the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is centatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the title of the leader of albuquerque .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 329 . 3 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola indiana has an elevation of 24 . 0 above sea level .
the area codes in antioch , california are 925 .
the city of antioch , california , is part of costa county .
the population density of arlation density , texas is 72 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is ked in the relanta .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 1245 . 5 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama , is part of alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 747 . 1 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
one of the languages spoken in california is spanish .
de kalb county , georgia is the largeorgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is rougest city .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portoregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili peper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
one of the ingredients of blt is tomato .
baked alaska comes from hong kong .
bakewell pudding originates from the warm .
columbian bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharrón is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have 330g . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor ' s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from the region of indonesia .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or baji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is found in the region of jalisco .
chicken class is a bird lass .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language of indonesia .
the leader of the country is jalisco , where the aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
one of the languages spoken in new york is spanish .
shumai is a dish in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the uk .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is also known as turk sehitleri aniti .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon where albany , oregon is the capital of oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
the united states house of representatives is lead by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california , is in the u . s .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
antioch , california has an elevation of 1233 . 0 square kilometres above sea level and has a total area of 124 square kilometres .
arlington , texas has an area of 184 . 0 square kilometres and is 162 square kilometres above sea level .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c .
atlantic county , new jersey , is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 121 . 42 inhabitants per square kilometres and a total area of 144 square kilometres .
auburn is in pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states .
amarillo , texas is the capital of the united states . the country is the home of the us .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is part of the u . s .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where auburn , alabama is the u . s .
the english language is used in akron , ohio in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the president of the united states .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in italy , is chili peper .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and indonesia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
sausage is a main ingredient in bacon explosion , which also contains bacon .
one of the ingredients of a bacon sandwich is bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon mufin .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
baked alaska , which contains meringue , is from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is from the family of apiaceae .
chicharrón is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is found in indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where the binignit dish can be found .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana , along with the dish can be found in the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potatoes and it also contains sweet potatoes .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a type of dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase , located in al anbar province , iraq , has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is found in iraq where the language is arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and its 1st runway length is 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the first runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in houston , texas .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway length is 3800 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport has a runway length of 12467 feet and is located at 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero , located in brasilia , infraero operates afonso pena international airport .
1 fc magdeburg played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season and has 27250 members .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez , who is attached to the club fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their manager . he is attached to irlam town football club .
a . f . c . fylde have 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is in gubbio and it has 5300 members .
as livorno club plays in serie b and their ground is in livorno .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina and juventina .
the full name of acf fiorentina is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in athens .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc which compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenant .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault , with 3000 members , played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalleti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 : the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia de marce and eric flint .
aip advances ( abbreviated to " aip adv . " ) has the issn number 2158 .
j . v . jones authored a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 53 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
" a glastonbury romance " was followed by " weymouth sands " written by john cowper powys " .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and paperback . its oclc number is 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 0380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press , parent company penguin random house .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , which was published in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp was published in hardback and has the oclc number 805735 .
a severed wasp is in english which is spoken in great britain .
the isbn number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science & business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitäringer science and business media .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and is fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the oclc number is 787110 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , written by brandon sanderson , was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
am . j . math . is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the discipline of math .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there are many asian americans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba , alba , alba . its nickname is uab .
the acharya institute of technology in belgaum is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology in india was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is in kerala . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird and peter laird .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mc kenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ( full name bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean , who was born on march 15 , 1932 , is now retired .
alan shepard , a test pilot , is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders , now retired , graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
there are 45 floors at 200 public square in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres and a floor area of 34 square metres .
300 north la salle in chicago has 60 floors .
the us architect george winkler designed 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena , which is located at east link bridge .
the 3 arena , designed by the company populous , is located at dublin .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival architectural style .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the address of akita museum of art is 142 nakadori and has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university road , university road , university road .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is the leader .
american buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin which is francis g . slay . see died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia de marce and eric flint , has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair , which is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf . is the leader of the association for computing machinery headquarters for computing machinery headquarters in new york city where the association for computing machinery is located .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5555571 .
a . t . charlie johnson lives in the u . s . and his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 498301 - 3 and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is in english which is the language of great britain .
a severed wasp was published in hardback and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviating to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 .
above the veil , written in english , is from australia and followed by aenir .
aenir , written by garth nix , was written in english and was followed by above the veil .
above the veil , written by garth nix , has 248 pages , is available in hardcover .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 043 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of the journal addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , is the author of westinley romance which was firley , derbyshire .
sage publications founded by sara miller mc cune publishes administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where they speak english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and barack obama is the leader .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . s . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane sp a ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for the el salvador national football team and the el salvador national football team .
the ground of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupolis , has 1500 members and its ground is located in antonis antonis antonis .
afc blackpool have 1500 members and the full name " association football club blackpool " . their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for runcorn fc halton and is attached to chesterfield fc .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and is the manager of afc fylde . he played for colwyn bay f . c .
the fullname of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are the champions of serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who is attached to the chelsea f . c . club .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece where olympiacos fc are previous champions .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who is associated with chelsea f . c . and has played for the real zaragoza football for chelsea fc .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for istanbulspor a . rom is in i ̇ stanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio . he also plays for empoli f . c .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . licata 1931 and has been the manager of a c cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena . he is attached to the club asd nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena . he is in the u . s . chieti calcio club .
john madin was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g jackson is a leader in cleveland .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , du page county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
320 south boston building was designed by architect george winkler and has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3 arena which is located at north wall quay and completed in december 2008 .
marriott international , with 23 floors , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is the marriott international hotel .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , owned by the architect philip charles hardwick , was completed in 1862 and owned by jp mc manus .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the currency is the sri jayawardenepura kotte and the capital is sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which has a start mason school of business as a tenants .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , was the architect of significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths ( constructed in 1904 ) are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the leader party is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the liberal democrats are leaders .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , ahmedabad , where the leader is andiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
albany is in dougherty county , georgia which is in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
albuquerque in new mexico has a population of 1192 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometers . the leader of albuquerque has a title of 1192 people per square kilometers .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans .
alpharetta , georgia , is in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
alpharetta , georgia is located within the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
anaheim , california has a total area of 17 . 567 square kilometres and has a total area of 3714 . 67 square kilometres .
the california state senate leads anaheim , california , which is part of the california state capitol . the state senate is the california .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
the united states house of representatra costa county is lead by the francosta house of representatra . the city is part of the gives county in california .
arlington is part of worth in tarrant county in texas in the united states . it is the location of the arlington .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states which includes many asian americans .
atlanta has a total area of 121 . 94 inhabitants per square kilometres and has a total area of 309 square kilometres .
the largest city in atlantic city , new jersey , is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county in the united states . the largest city of atlantic county , new jersey , .
auburn , alabama , is part of alabama , which is in the united states .
auburn , washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . which is part of washington state . c .
auburn , washington is located within the united states which has the capital city of washington state . the country is the location of auburn .
atlanta is part of the u . s . state of georgia which has the capital city of albany and is the location of albany , georgia .
alexandria is part of madison county in indiana which is in indiana , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of new jersey is in the state of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is the largest city .
attica , indiana is part of fountica county in the united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county in the u . s . where the capital city is washington d . c .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the english language is spoken . the country is the origin of akron , ohio .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , which includes many asian americans .
albany , oregon , is part of benton county in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama . the country is the country is the origin of the dish , albuquerque .
the english language is used in albany , georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language and where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10 r / 28 l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it ' s runway length is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community in spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the location identifier of viag is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the 1986 bombing of libya in the united states boeing of libya .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada and the mc donnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 877 . 0 and its 1st runway is made from poaceae .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which is headquartered at jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
located in texas , andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 173 . 0 .
located in texas , andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , whose capital is austin . english is one language spoken there .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium where german is the language .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the four world trade center is the heade of new york and new jersey who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport serves the four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the people ' s party is the people ' s party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carroll county to its southeast .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located in azerbaijan where the capital city is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , and originates from rome , italy .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . the dish is from the malay peninsula region in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet comes from the region of indonesia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
letttuce is an ingredient in a blt which is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans live .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in the blt , which is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france , new york and france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states and new york region .
sponge cake is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales in the derbyshire dales . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart originates from the derbyshire dales . it contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and contains beef .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which originates from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and contains hogains the ingredient of hogains the ingredient of hogains .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
batchoy comes from the philippines and contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . it is eaten in the philippines .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia and singapore where tony tan is the leader .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from indonesia and singapore .
beef kway teow , made in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leaders are sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , as should cookies .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , along with cookies .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , and cookies are also a type of dessert .
sweet potatoes are part of the order of solanales and banana . the main ingredient in binignit is sweet potatoes .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico that contains granola .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce can be found .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the igorot people . arabic is one of the languages there .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the awh engineering college is situated in the state of kerala . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . romania ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by rené goscinny and albert uderzo .
tim brooke taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which starring scott adsit . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred motion pictures .
" mark desmond " is also known as the comic character blockbuster who was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
larry bolatinsky cohn and gary cohn created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
103 colmore row , located in birmingham , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , which has cape town as its capital . one of its ethnic groups are the asian south africans and coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio in the united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in bufalo , new york , has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north la salle , with 60 floors and a total area of 12077770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3 arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland , and owned by live nation entertainment .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3 xn and its tenant is marriott international .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster and county council governs county limerick .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . brazilians are an ethnic group there .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the college of william and mary own alan b miller hall which is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is lead by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths ( constructed in 1904 ) is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan which is lead by cyrus vance jr . and brooklyn .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode ' b ' and is lead by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . andiben patra mahajan is a leader in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders in india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the capital city is london . 20 fenchurch street is located in london .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the english language is spoken in the united states and one of the leaders is joe biden .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital city is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27th of july , 1932 . turkey ' s leader is known as the president of turkey .
albany , georgia , is in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the english language is used in the u . s . state is the location of albany , georgia .
albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 505 . 92 square kilometres and a total area of 46 square kilometres . the area of albuquerque has a total area of 73 square kilometres .
alpharetta , is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . fulton county is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county in the united states . the capital of texas is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county in texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the country is the location of amarillo .
the california state assembly is lead by the california state capitol . anaheim , california is part of the california state capitol . anaheim is one of the languages spoken in california .
anderson , indiana has a population of 12458 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometers ) , which is part of the total area of the state of fall created in indiana . it has an area of 69 . 0 ( square kilometers ) , indiana .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county in indiana in the united states . it has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
the total area of antioch , california is 12392 . 375 square kilometres , it has a total area of 25 square kilometres and a total area of 92 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 12142 . 642 inhabitants per square kilometres , has a population of 121 square kilometres and a total area of 144 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama , alabama , is part of alabama in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group within the country .
auburn , alabama , alabama , is part of len county in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of pierce county in the united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of king county in the united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c .
austin is part of hays county , texas and its largest city is houston county , texas . it is the location of austin , texas .
the california state assembly is lead by the california state capitol . anaheim , california is part of the california state capitol and the chinese language is spoken .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . he county is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is in the capital city of lafayette township , madison county .
houston is the largest city in texas in the united states where the english language is spoken . houston is the largest city in texas .
albany , oregon is part of benton county in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the largest city in atlantic city , new jersey , is washington d . c . and the capital city is washington dc .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and barack obama . the country is the origin of the dish , a country .
john salbuquerque , new mexico , is led by the chez . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where john senate the country is the home to the dish bakso .
albany , oregon is part of benton county in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is called the president barack obama . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
the english language is used in albany , georgia which is part of the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
the english language is spoken in indiana which is part of the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and the country is the location of the country .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the language is spoken . the country is the location of the country and one of the leaders is steuben county , indiana .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club . he is part of the fsv zwickau club and plays for sv babelin .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for carrarese calcio and is in the carrarese calcio club .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane , plays for torino f . c . and a . c . c . chievo verona .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis located in the town of efxeinoupolis , they have 1500 members and play in the league epsth 2nd group .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their ground . the conservative party ( uk ) plays for stockport county fc and has been manager of afc blackpool .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their ground . the club was stockport county fc and now plays for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to afc fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire .
the full name of the a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina . he plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and juventina .
aek athens f . c . , with 69618 members , play in the superleague greece . their ground is in athens and they compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateur ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . jong ajax and owned by afc ajax n . jong ajax n .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem . he is in the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube are the champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is located in brazil .
st vincent - st mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states is the ground of akron summit assault .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is lead by pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwäria wien club and is the manager of 1 . fc koln . he is affiliated with the sk vorwarts steyr club and fc admira wacker modling .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas . its runway name is 17 l / 35 r and is 2194 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18 r / 36 l and it is 3500 long .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier agr . the airport ' s icao location identifier is agr .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09 l / 27 r and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the usaf fought in the kheed ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the runway length is 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level . the runway name is 09 / 28 buitenveldertbaan and has a length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level . the runway name is 18 r / 28 l and has a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 29 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located at ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport , located in spata , serves the city of athens . its runway length is 394 . 0 and is elevated 94 metres above sea level .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is led by don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city international airport is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . french is the national language of belgium where french is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown in essex county , new york in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . kurdish languages are spoken in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rajwana is the leader of punjab .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of commelinids .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located in broadcasting house in london . the key person is rona fairhead .
bananaman was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 and starred jill shilling . it was created by steve bright .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie cohn , the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
eric flint , born in burbank california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . de marce short stories in the grantville gazettes preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia de marce , et al and has 512 pages . it has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the aids ( journal ) in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 498301 - 3 and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
a wizard of mars by diane duane has 5678 pages and is published in hardcover . it has the isbn number 92 - 15 - 20670 - 2 .
the acta mathematica hungarica , or acta math . hungar . , has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , was published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and land grant universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university in the united states and published the american journal of mathematics . it was first published by the johns hopkins university .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . where there are many asian americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . a wizard of mars is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the english language is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean was an american born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 where chris patten served as a representative .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . otherwise known as buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy distinguished service medal from the u . navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas in the united states . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and was part of apollo 8 ' s crew .
the awh engineering college in kuttikattoor , kattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in india was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . denmark ' s leader is lars loke rasmussen and its government is magistrate .
the awh engineering college in kuttikattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle pepers .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle pepers .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region in spain . the country ' s leaders include the parliament of catalonia and the ethnic group are spaniards .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malay and malay are ethnic groups from sumatra .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . john roberts is a leader in the united states .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . ketchup can be an ingredient in a blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon mufin .
cookies and baked alaska are types of dessert . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from either paris , new york , united states and hong kong .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell tart ( or pudding ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso is popular all over indonesia and southeastern asian countries . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bakso is a food contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leaders are francois hollande .
batagor comes from indonesia , it includes shumai and siomay , are variations of the same dish .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . it is eaten in the philippines .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia and singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables and is also known as bhaji or baji .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or baji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
sweet potatoes are part of the order of solanales and a flowering plant . binignit includes sweet potato as one of the ingredients .
the main ingredient of binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago . the dish comes from the visayas region of the philippines .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the region of jalisco in mexico .
bionico comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are choped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shreded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet is a food found in java , where the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
zamboangans are a group in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and igorot people . one of the languages there is arabic .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines , where english is spoken and cookies are also a type of dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines . sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert .
virginia de marce and eric flint are the sequel to the grantville gazette ii which is the sequel to the grantville gazette and followed by ring of fire ii .
elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and land grant universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language of the united states is english , same as in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
these novel into battle , above the veil was preceded by the violet keystone , which is followed by aenir , above the veil and into battle .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the english language is spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c . 1634 the ram rebellion was written there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president . the english language is spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
albany , georgia , is part of the u . s . , where the leader is known as the president and asian americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
alpharetta , georgia , is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group there . it is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county in the united states . the capital of texas is washington d . c . and english is spoken there .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language is english . the country is the location of amarillo .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . it has the area of 13 . 4523 square kilometres .
the city of antioch , california , is part of the district of the california . it is lead by francass county , california . the language is english , which is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument .
atlanta has a total area of 3ria . 44 square kilometres and a total area of 121 . 94 square kilometres . the area has 21 square kilometres .
attica , indiana , which is part of the u . s . , has an elevation of 161 . 84 square kilometres above sea level . attica has a total area of 161 inhabitants per sq km .
auburn , alabama , is part of len county in the united states . the capital city of alabama is washington d . c . african americans are one ethnic group there .
auburn , washington , washington , is part of pauburn county in the united states . the total area is 714 . 914 sq km .
the largest city in williamson county , texas is round round rock county , texas . it is the location of the county seat of austin , which is part of williamson county , texas .
austin is part of hays county , texas and its largest city is houston county . it is the location of austin , texas , which is part of hays county , texas .
austin is the largest city in hays county , texas where the county seat is houston . the county is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is houston .
alexandria , indiana is part of the u . s . the capital of indiana is in the state of indiana . the country is the location of alexandria , indiana .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is houston , which is part of home to the county seat of tarlington , texas .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas , is in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the largest city is worth .
the largest city in new jersey , is white americans . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is white americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon , is part of linn county in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there and the capital city is washington d . c .
albany , oregon , is part of the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there and the capital city is washington d . c .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the demonym for people are called americans . the country is the location of the country and the country is also the location of the country ' s inhabitants are called americans .
alabama , washington d . c . is the capital of the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country which is the location of the country . the country is the location of the country . it is also the location of auburn county , washington , d . c .
alabama , alabama , is part of len county in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country . it is the location of the county seat of auburn , alabama .
the capital city of atlantic city in new jersey is in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is known as the president barack obama . the english language is spoken in the united states . the country is the origin of the united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where the english language is spoken and the demonym for people are called americans . the country is the location of the country and the country ' s inhabitants are known as americans .
barack obama is the leader of akron , ohio which is part of summit county in the united states . the capital of the country is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group there .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president . african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country . the country are the african americans from the u . s .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania in the united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , categorised as a contributing property , is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has cumberland county to its north and frederick county to its southeast and carrol county to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the largest city is istanbul .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its headquarters are in brussels .
the awh engineering college in kuttikattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and the gest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff and is led by lars loke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus has a magistrate as its northeast . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a magistrate government .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and the american duncan rouleau . steven t . seagle .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . he is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their ground . the club was stockport county fc and now played for chesterfield fc and has been manager of afc blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is led by sergio mattarella . s . robur siena are champions of sergio mattarella and they speak italian .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the manager of which is gus poyet is located in marozaragoza and has played for chelsea f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italian speaking rome . pietro grasso is the capital of italy .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians and sergio mattarella . the capital of italy is rome and the official language is italian .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java , but more specific to java , the currency is the indonesian rupiah and jusuf kalla is the leader .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . the malaysian chinese and malaysian malay are ethnic groups in this country . asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , in malaysia . pur is the capital of malaysia and malay peninsula .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia ( capital : kuala lumpur ) . the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia , a country led by abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
the bacon explosion originates from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon mufin . the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment .
baked alaska comes from france where french is the national language and the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher . baked alaska can also be found in hong kong where french is spoken .
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in the dish is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rutaceae .
françois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders of france where barny cakes come from . barny cakes , which are made with sponge cake , can be found in france .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish which contains peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay ( which contains joko widodo ) . joko is the leader of indonesia .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the country ' s leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shreded coconut and raisins . it comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the language is spanish . it is served as a dessert and honey can be added to it .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where the food bionico is found . it is a food found in mexico where the food bionico can be varied by using honey .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is carles puigdemont and the country ' s inhabitants are carles puigdemont .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are both leaders in italy , where italians live . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . rome is the capital of italy , where the language is italian and pietro grasso is the leader .
ayam penyet is made nationwide in java and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . it contains fried chicken and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
tony tan is the leader of singapore where the javanese people are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where the leader is tan .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is the language of the philippines and arabic is also spoken there .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of the country where the spaniards are an ethnic group .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . felipe vi is the name of the spaniards and the people are called spanish .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa , which was commanded by frank borman .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
alan shepard ( died in california ) was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . dianne feinstein is a senator in california .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders is a us national born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where one of the languages is faroese . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 14 l / 32 r and it is 4100 meters above sea level .
agra airport , located in india , is operated by the indian air force . its icao location identifier is viag and its icao location identifier is viag . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . oraa has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway length of 308 . 0 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the usaf fought in the invalbing c - 16 fighting falcon can be found on their aircraft carriers . the united states boeing c - 16 globemaster ii is a transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules are the invasion of grenduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . it has a 1st runway made of poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and has a length of 88 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and is 3310 . 0 in length .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18 l / 36 r and it is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 1 , 533 and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan in the united states . the airport serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport , located in ícolo e bengo , luanda , is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05 l / 23 r and it has a length of 30800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece , where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . the language of the country is greek .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the language is greek .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in the united states . the egg harbor township , new jersey is led by don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . two of the leaders of belgium are charles michel and charles michel . the capital of belgium is charles michel .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . the egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown in essex county , new york in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . agra airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abic is the prime minister of iraq where fuad masum is the leader .
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , bufalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it has 12 floors and a total area of 12 floors .
300 north la salle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of chicago is springfield and the leader of chicago is ringfield .
marriott international which was founded in washington dc is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages is faroese .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages used is bill marriott .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where lars loke rasmussen is the prime minister of denmark where one of the languages used is dic .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin , who was born in benus pugin benus and designed the palace of westminster . adare manor was the palace of westminster .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and a floor count of 1 - 4 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
robert a m stern is the architect of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and one of the leaders in india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province which is lead by austin fernando .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka . the capital of the country is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant projects including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds , the asilomar state beach and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode . labour politician john clancy is the leader of birmingham , which has the b postcode is the city council .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where john roberts is the chief jack obama . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states which is lead by president barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , categorised as a contributing property , is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north . carroll county to its southeast is frederick county , maryland to its southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument in the monocacy national battlefield was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
alan bean ( born alan la vered worden ) was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 where william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . frank borman was a backup pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . and became a crew member of apollo 8 with frank borman as the backup pilot . william anders is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and the church of denmark is lars loke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its dean is thomas pallesen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . romania ' s patron saint is deșteaptă - te , române ! the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . it is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
turkey ' s largest city is istanbul and the capital city is anbul . the country is led by ahmet davutoglu . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the largest city is istanbul , the capital city is anbul and the largest city is istanbul . turkey ' s largest city is istanbul . the currency is the turkish lira .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka , east of the arabian sea , was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has the arabian sea to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school is affiliated with the european university association and has 737 academic staff . it is led by lars lokke rasmussen and its dean is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars loke rasmussen and its government is lars loke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and its dean is thomas pallesen . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with a m . a . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and became a test pilot . he died in california .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 where david scott was the commander .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in space as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was awarded 20 awards .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot and is now retired .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
us national william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . frank borman was a backup pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .